Bingo, Bandit, Bluey, and Chilli are eating dinner in the dining room. Bluey is loudly chewing with her mouth open.
Bluey: (chewing) Agh! Agh! Glargh!
Bluey points at Bingo with her fork.
Bluey: (incomprehensible with her mouth full) Bla-bl-bl-blah, bl-bloo!
Bandit: Bluey, don't talk with your mouth full and sit up straight, don't slouch, it's bad manners.
Bingo: (with mouth full) Is this bad manners? Blaaaaaaaah.
Bingo sticks out her tongue, with a wad of chewed food on it.
Bandit: Bingo!
Bingo: (giggles)
Bluey: Mum, why do we have to have manners?
Bandit: Because we're not animals.
Chili: I'm happy as long you eat your veggies.
Bandit: Hey, hey, hey! Elbows off the table, thanks Mum.
Chili: (scoffs) Ha!
Bandit: Can you believe that, kids? Ha!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggles)
Chili: (whispering) Psst, Bluey, take this, it's a magic asparagus.
Bluey: What does it do?
Chili: It turns people into any animal you want!
Bluey: For real life?
Chili: For real life.
Chilli hands Bluey the asparagus.
Bluey: Ooooh!
Bandit: Don't play with your food! Blu--
Bluey: (pointing the asparagus like a magic wand) Donkey!
Bandit gets down on his hands and knees.
Bandit: (imitating a donkey) Hee-haw!
Others: (laughter)
Bluey: It worked!
Bandit: Hee-haw! Hee-haw!
Bingo: Do me! Do me!
Bluey: Okay. Warthog!
Bingo: No, no, I want to be a piglet.
Bluey: Piglet!
Bingo snorts, then jumps down from the chair and begins to run around the room on all fours.
Bingo: (imitating a pig) Eee! Eee! Whee! Whee! Whee! Eeee! Eee!
Chilli: Now that's taken care of, I need you to do a little something for me.
Bluey: Chicken!
Chilli stands up so quickly she knocks over her chair, holding her arms like wings.
Chilli: (imitating a chicken) Ba-kaw!
TITLE CARD: Asparagus
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Asparagus.
END TITLE CARD
Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo enter the kitchen together, still doing their animal impressions. Bluey runs in after them.
Chilli: (imitating a chicken) Bawk! Bawk-bawk-bawk-bawk!
Bingo: (imitating a piglet) Eee! Eee! Whee! Whee!
Bandit: (imitating a donkey) Hee-haw! Hee-haw!
Bluey: Elephant!
Bandit stands up, and holds his arm in front of his face like a trunk. Bingo runs through his legs and offscreen.
Bandit: (imitating an elephant) Vrooooo! Vrooooo!
Bluey: I love this!
Bingo runs through the scene, still imitating a piglet.
Bingo: Eee! Whee! Whee! 
Bluey: Here, chook, chook, chook!
Chilli: (approaching with a chicken walk) Bawk-bawk-bawk, braawk!
Bluey: Goat!
Chilli gets down on hands and knees. She's drawn with buck teeth and a shorter tail.
Chilli: (imitating a goat) N-e-eh! N-e-eh!
Chilli walks offscreen, and Bingo runs through the scene again
Bluey: Now, be free, my animal friends. No more rules for anyone.
Bingo runs through the scene again, and this time there's a crashing noise from offscreen. The camera pans over to show Bingo digging through a cupboard. Potato chips and a can of beans are spilled on the floor.
Bluey: Aaah! Pig Bingo, you're making a mess!
Bluey grabs Bingo by the waist and drags her out of the cupboard. Bingo struggles as Bluey tries to hold her down.
Bluey: Come here you wriggly little--
Bandit enters from offscreen and picks Bluey up with his "trunk". Bingo immediately dives back into the cupboard.
Bandit: Vroooo!
Bluey: Aaaaaah! Put me down! Aaah! Meerkat!
Bandit stands up on his tiptoes, arms held in front of him.
Bandit: (imitating a meerkat) Um-dum-dum! Hey! Hey!
Bluey: You can't just grab people and swing them around!
Bandit scampers to the fridge on all fours, then stands up to look around.
Bandit: Hey, hey!
Back on all fours, Bandit scampers out of the room.
Bluey: (laughs)
A dog toy squeaks from offscreen. The camera pans, and shows Chilli leaning on the kitchen counter, nibbling on Polly Puppy.
Bluey: Polly Puppy! Mouse!
Chilli gets down on all fours and makes herself as small as she can.
Chilli: (imitating a mouse) Squeeeeak!
Bluey: You can't chew people's toys!
Chilli scratches her ear.
Bluey: It's not nice!
Chilli: Squeak! Squeak!
Bingo runs into the scene again, with an open bag of chips in her mouth.
Bingo: Eee!
Bluey: Penguin!
Bingo drops the chips, stands up straight with her arms at her sides and begins to waddle around.
Bingo: (imitating a penguin) De-de-de-de, de-de-de!
Bluey: (groans) This is hard work.
Bandit pops up from behind the kitchen counter.
Bandit: Um-dum-dum!
The scene changes to the playroom. Bluey herds Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo in, still doing their animal impressions.
Bluey: Maybe I'll turn you into slightly calmer animals. Peacocks!
Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo stand up, lean forward, and hold their arms behind them.
Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo: (imitating peacocks) Prrrrr. Prrrrr. Prrrr. Rrrrr.
Bluey sits down on a chair.
Bluey: Ahh. That's a bit better.
Bandit snaps open a paper fan held behind him, imitating a peacock's tail.
Bandit: Prrrr-rrrr. Prrrr. Prrrr.
Bandit smugly waves his "tail" in Chilli and Bingo's faces. Chilli looks annoyed, Bingo looks confused.
Chilli and Bingo: Prrr. Prrrr.
Bluey: Hey, mind your manners, Mr. Show-Off!
Bandit struts, getting closer to Chilli and Bingo, who both look worried now.
Bandit: PRRRRR! Prrrr!
Bluey gets up and runs in between them. She pushes Bandit back a few steps.
Bluey: Okay, you asked for it. Lions!
Chilli and Bingo get down on all fours, adopting fierce expressions.
Chilli: (imitating a lion) Roaaaar!
Bingo: (imitating a lion) Rar!
Bandit jumps backwards a step.
Bandit: (worried) Prrrr!
Bluey: (laughs) That will teach you to show off!
Chilli and Bingo lunge at Bandit, and chase him out into the yard.
Chilli: Roaaaar!
Bingo: Rar! Rar!
Bandit: Prrrrr!
Bluey: Nooooo! Don't go outside!
The scene changes to the yard, at the base of the paulownia tree.
Bluey: (panting) Where'd they go!
Bandit: Prrrr!
The camera pulls back to show Bandit has climbed up onto the lowest branch of the paulownia tree.
Bluey: There you are! Walrus!
Bandit falls out of the tree.
Bandit: Aaaaah! Oof! (groans)
The camera pulls back to show the whole yard. Bandit is now laying on his stomach. He blinks one eye and then the other.
Bluey: Now, where are those lions?
The camera pans to show Lucky's Dad's yard, which is partially un-mowed. The un-mowed portion has waist-high grass. Pat is is singing while hanging shirts on a drying rack.
Pat: (singing) One Sunday morning as I went walking/By Brisbane waters, I chanced to--
A twig snaps.
Pat: Oh! What was that?
The camera cuts to show Chilli and Bingo, hiding in the tall grass.
Chilli and Bingo: (growling) Mmmmmmmmm. Graar!
The camera cuts back to Pat.
Pat: Is that you, Lucky?
The camera cuts to a wide shot of the yard. Chilli and Bingo are not visible. The only sound is crickets chirping.
Pat: Oh, well, I guess it's nothing.
Chilli and Bingo pounce from the tall grass, tackling Pat around the legs.
Chilli and Bingo: Roaaaar!
Pat: Aaaah!
The camera cuts back to Bluey and Bandit. Bandit is now doing a walrus impression, holding himself up on his arms and with two protruding teeth like tusks. He continues blinking his eyes one at a time. Bluey is down on all fours, presumably trying to tell him something.
Pat: (continues screaming from offscreen) Janelle!
Bluey gets up and runs out of frame.
Bandit: (imitating a walrus) Mwoaaaar!
The camera cuts back to Pat's yard. Chilli and Bingo are gnawing on Pat's ankles and dragging him into the tall grass. He's digging his fingers into the ground to stay put but it's not helping.
Pat: Oh, Mrs. Heeler! Oh, I don't know about this! Aah!
Bluey emerges from the tall grass.
Bluey: Parrot!
Bingo crouches down and folds her arms at her sides like wings. Chilli continues to chew on Pat's ankle.
Bingo: (imitating a parrot) Squawk!
Bluey: Bunny!
Chilli crouches down with her arms in front of her.
Chilli: (imitating a rabbit) (clicks her tongue repeatedly)
Bingo: Polly want a cracker?
Pat crawls to the safety of the drying rack, panting.
Bluey: Get back in the house, you two!
Bluey herds Bingo and Chilli back towards their yard.
Bluey: Sorry Lucky's Dad!
Pat: No worries Bluey. (sounding ashamed) I shouldn't have let my guard down.
The scene changes back to the playroom. Bluey herds Chilli, Bingo, and Bandit into the room.
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: Get in here, you lot!
Chilli: (clicks her tongue repeatedly)
Bingo: Squawk!
Bluey: That's it! You animals need to learn some manners.
Bandit butts his head into Bluey's shoulder.
Bandit: Rohh!
Bluey: Aah! Daddy Walrus! No doing that thing!
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: First manners is...
Bingo: Polly want a cracker.
Bluey: (pointing at Bingo) Oh! First is, don't speak when someone's speaking!
Bingo: (sadly) Squawk.
Bluey: Second manners is...
Chilli: (clicks her tongue)
Chilli wanders off, hopping like a bunny.
Bluey: Hey! Worm!
Chilli stretches out and starts writhing from side to side.
Chilli: (imitating a worm) Eee! Mmmmmn! Mmmmn!
Bluey: No running away from manners lessons! Now, third one is... don't eat the next-door neighbors. That's a really important one. Hey, where's Daddy Walrus?
Bandit is missing. Bluey gasps, and Bandit grunts from offscreen. The camera cuts to the corner of the playroom, where Bandit is squatting on the rug in in front of a dollhouse, a look of intense concentration on his face.
Bluey: Nooooo!
Bluey puts her hands on her face as she screams, causing her to toss the asparagus, which lands by Bingo. Bluey runs out of frame towards Bandit.
Bingo: (looking at the asparagus) Squawk!
The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bluey in the corner. Bandit is squinting with effort. Bluey runs in between him and the dollhouse, and pushes him away.
Bandit: (grunts)
Bluey: Fourth manners is--
Bandit: Mwoaaar!
Bluey: don't go to the toilet on the rug!
Bluey pushes him back to the others. Bingo is chewing on the asparagus.
Bluey: (groans with effort) You big grub!
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: This is hopeless. I'm gonna turn you all back into dogs. Where's my asparagus?
Bingo: (indistinctly) Polly want a cracker!
Bingo swallows the asparagus whole.
Bluey: Noooooooo!
Bluey runs over to Bingo, and pries her jaws open as far as she can.
Bingo: Daaaaah.
Bluey lets Bingo close her mouth.
Bluey: Oh, no! You're stuck like this forever!
Bandit headbutts Bluey in the shoulder again.
Bandit: Mwoaaar!
Bingo: Squawk! Polly want more asparagus!
Bluey: Wait! I've got an idea!
The scene cuts to a close-up of Bingo, still imitating a parrot, seated at the dinner table.
Bingo: Squawk!
The camera cuts back to reveal Bandit, slumped over and barely on his chair, with Bluey supporting most of his weight. Chilli is sitting upright in her chair, but only because she's been tied in place with a jump rope.
Bandit: Mwoaaar!
Bluey: Okay, Bird Bingo, you've eaten the magic asparagus. Too late to change that. But I think if you say "doggie," everyone will turn back to doggies.
Bingo: Squawk!
Bluey: Can you say "Polly want a doggie"? Pretty please?
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Chilli: Mmmmn!
Bingo: Polly want a cracker!
Bluey: Ugh! No, "Polly want a doggie"!
Bandit slaps Bluey with his "flipper".
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: Aaah! Hands to yourself, Daddy Walrus! Come on, Bird Bingo! "Polly want a doggie"!
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey manages to push Bandit upright in his chair.
Bluey: Oof!
Bandit, balanced precariously, teeters for a moment.
Bandit: Mwoar!
Bandit overbalances and falls out of his chair.
Bluey: Ugh!
Bingo: Squawk!
Bluey runs over and starts trying to lift Bandit into his chair again.
Bluey: Urgh! Come on, Bird Bingo! It's hard to get a walrus...
Bluey gets Bandit back into his chair.
Bluey: ...to sit at the dinner table!
Bingo: Polly want a... d... d... 
Bluey: Yeah, yeah!
Bingo: Dinosaur!
Bandit and Chilli hold their arms in front of their chests like a T-Rex and snarl. Chilli is still tied to her chair.
Bandit and Chilli: (imitating a dinosaur) Roaaar! Roaaar!
Bluey: Aah! Bingo, no! Doggie, doggie!
Bluey shakes Bingo for a second, before Bandit picks Bluey up and pretends to chomp on her stomach. 
Bandit: Roaaar!
Bluey: Aaah! No eating your manners teacher!
Bandit: (still chomping) Raar! Raar!
Bluey: (screams)
Bingo: Polly want a...
Bluey: Help!
Bingo: Polly want a... doggie!
With a jerk, Bandit and Chilli return to normal.
Chilli: Huh?
Bluey: Hooray! You did it, Bird Bingo!
Bingo: Squawk!
Bandit: What's going on?
Bluey: Uh...
Chilli: (untying herself) Oh, uh... We're just eating dinner. Remember?
Bandit: Ah, yeah -- dinner. Okay, well, make sure you --
Bluey eats her last two pieces of broccoli in one bite.
Bluey: (formally) I've finished my vegetables, Father. I shall now excuse myself to go tidy the kitchen.
Bluey pushes in her chair and clears away her dishes. She winks at Chilli on the way past, and Chilli winks back.
Bluey: Pip, pip!
Bandit: Well. That's more like it.
Bingo: (still imitating a parrot) Squawk! Bawk, bawk, bawk!
Bingo pecks at her food, causing the plate to rattle loudly.
Bandit: Bingo, for the last time, use a knife and --
Bingo: Chicken!
Bandit stands bolt upright and holds his arms like wings.
Bandit: (imitating a chicken): Ba-kaw!
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider