Bluey: Mum, am I better at the monkey bars than Bingo?
Chilli: Well, you are two years older than her, Bluey.
Bluey: Am I better than Judo?
Chilli: You're about the same as Judo.
Bluey: I'm not! Judo cant do skip bar or backwards one bar.
Chilli: Well, she'll get there one day.
Bluey: But am I better than her on this day?
Chilli: Bluey, just run your own race.
Bluey: Huh? What does that mean?
Chilli: Come here. Have I told you the story of when you took your first steps?
Bluey: Oh, no!
Chilli: Well, it all started when you were still a baby.
(The camera shows a baby version of Bluey. She is wearing a red nappy and is lying on the floor, drooling on the rug, making baby noises)
(Bandit is also here too and he is drooling like Baby Bluey, Chilli is then see holding a baby rattle to catch Baby Bluey's attention.)
Chilli: Come on, Bluey. Roll over. Rollover! (Baby Bluey stops drooling, sees her mom and rolls over to one side)
Chilli (present): You learned to roll over really early. (Baby Bluey coos as we see a first person view of herself.)
Chilli (past): BANDIT!!! She rolled over!! She rolled over!! She's not meant to do that for ages!!
Bandit: Aw, that's my girl!
(Baby Bluey pushes Bandit to the side, she then laughs)
Bingo: Hang on, where was I?
Chilli: You weren't born yet, sweetheart.
Bingo: Ooh, I was invisible!
Bluey: Were you proud of me for rolling over so soon?
Chilli: Yes. A little too proud. (The camera goes to Nana's house. Bandit is seen dragging Baby Bluey to change her nappy while Nana and Chilli have some tea). I think I may have turned into a bit of a show off.
Nana: Oh, I've never heard of a baby rolling over that early!
Chilli (past): I know!
Nana: She's just special.
Bandit (past):(he coughs, the camera goes to mothers group where we see baby versions of Coco, Snickers and Judo. All of them are looking at their mums happily while making sounds. )
Chilli: But then one day at Mothers' Group...
Chilli (past): It is very early to roll over.
Bella: Oh, you're so clever, Bluey! (The look to their right and noticed something. We pan to see Snickers and Judo. Judo is the one who is sitting up while Snickers is seen laying down on the ground)
Wendy: Woah! She's sitting, She's sitting! Oh, Judo, you're sitting all by yourself! (Baby Judo giggles)
Snickers' mum: Oh, goodness, that's very early to be sitting!
Wendy: Oh, well, you know, it's not a race.
Bluey: But it was a race.
Bingo: A baby race!
(Episode title card)
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Baby Race.
(We go to another flashback. Chilli is seen holding Baby Bluey in her hands while Bandit is seen working on something)
Chilli: I don't know what got into me, but I was determined I'd get you walking before Judo's mum...I mean, Judo.
Chilli (past): There you go...steady...Bandit! She's sitting!
Bandit (past): Huh? Ack!
Chilli (past): Good gi-ah! (Baby Bluey suddenly falls down on the ground. She laughs very loudly)
(We go back to mother's group. This time the babies are sitting up, just like Baby Bluey).
Chilli: But after a lot of practice, eventually, you set up.
Bella: Bluey, you're sitting!
Baby Bluey: (she laughs, the two noticed Judo again. This time she is crawling while Wendy tries to catch up with her)
Wendy: Judo! Oh, goodness, I just can't keep track of her!
Baby Bluey: (mumbles, she then falls and laughs)
Bluey: Judo crawled before me as well?!
Bingo: Judo beat you again!
Bluey: And just what did you do about this?
Chilli: Well, I tried my best.
Bandit (past)(background): This thing is heavy!
Chilli (past):(claps) 
Come on, Bluey, crawl to Mama! You can do it, you can do it!
Bluey: Did I do it?
Bingo: Did Bluey crawl?
(Baby Bluey rolls across the floor, she then laughs again)
Chilli: Not exactly.
Bluey:(laughs) Why was I rolling?
Chilli: I don't know, kid. You didn't come with instructions.
(Cut to doctor's office)
Chilli: The doctor said there was nothing to worry about.
Doctor: Some babies just roll before they crawl.
(Baby Bluey crashes into the skeleton dog and laughs)
Chilli: But I wasn't having that.
Bandit (past)(background)(singing): 99 bottles of thing on the wall...
Chilli (past): Aha!
(Cut to living room area)
Chilli (past): It's fun to crawl. (Baby Bluey giggles as she sees this) Oh, how good is crawling? It's better than rolling.
Bandit (past): (falls on Bluey's toy) YOW! My knees! Baby Bluey laughs very loudly)
Bluey: Did I do it?
Bingo: Did she crawl?
Chilli: Not exactly.
Chilli (past): Come on, Bluey! You can do it! Crawl to me!
(Baby Bluey looks like she's going to crawl, but then bum shuffles to Chilli as she giggles to her)
Bandit (past): Woo hoo, yeah! Bum shuffle!
Bluey: Bum shuffle?!
Chilli: Bum shuffle.
(Cut to Mothers' Group where Baby Bluey is seen bum shuffling to meet her baby friends)
Chilli: You were a bum shuffler.
(As Baby Bluey bum shuffles, Coco is seen crawling to the right and to the left, Snickers is about to crawl, but he sees Baby Bluey bum shuffling and Judo is seen getting on top of a stool)
Bella: Woo hoo! Go Bluey!
Chilli: Meanwhile, Judo was pulling herself up on furniture, which is the step right before walking.
Bluey: And I was just bum shuffling around?!
Bingo: You are definitely not winning the baby race.
(Cut to doctor's office)
Chilli: The doctor said there was nothing to worry about.
Doctor: Some babies just bum shuffle before they crawl.
(Again, baby Bluey crashes into the skeleton and laughs)
Chilli: But I wasn't having that.
Chilli (past): See, feels good, doesn't it? Feels like you wanna crawl, right?
Bingo: Did she crawl?
Mum: Yes!!
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!!
Chilli: Backwards! (Baby Bluey suddenly crawls backwards as she giggles)
Bandit (past): (laughs) Beep, beep, beep!
(Bingo laughs while Bluey facepalms)
(Cut to doctor's office)
Chilli: The doctor said there was nothing to worry about. (Baby Bluey giggles again)
(Cut to Nana's house)
Chilli: But Nana wasn't having that.
Nana: Let's stop mucking around, eh? A bit of olive oil on those knees will do the trick.
Chilli (past): But how is olive oil gonna-oh my goodness!
Bandit (past): Mum, what are you doing?!
Nana: If she can't crawl, she'll have to walk.
Bandit (past): This isn't legal anymore!
Nana: I'll sprinkle some grit down, too. Oh, where'd they go?
(Bluey and Bingo laugh)
Chilli: Your Nana's old school.
(Cut to Mothers' Group, this time the Babies, expect for Bluey, who is still crawling backwards are walking. Baby Snickers suddenly falls on his butt.)
Chilli: None of it mattered, though.
Judo had won the baby race.
(Cut to present)
Bingo: Oh, biscuits.
Bluey: Were you upset with me that I lost the baby race?
Chilli: No, sweetie. Look, we were all learning to do things for the first time. 
(Cut to balcony)
Chilli: I just felt like I was doing everything wrong.
Bandit (past): Aren't you going to Mothers' Group?
Chilli (past): (sighs)
(Cut to Mothers' Group. While Wendy and Snicker's mum talk about the hat that Snickers usually wears, Baby Coco makes a sound, shocking and distracting Bella.)
Snickers' mum: It's a cute hat, It's kinda like he was born with it.
(Cut to porch. Bella is seen holding her purse and Baby Coco as Baby Bluey plays with leaves.)
Chilli: But then, one day, Coco's mum came to see me.
Bella: Hi, Chilli.
Chilli (past): Bella! Oh, hello. I'm so sorry, the house is a mess.
Chilli: We chatted for a while and then she showed me a photo.
Chilli (past): Are these all your children?
Bella: Yep!
Chilli (past): I thought Coco was your first.
Bella: No, I've got eight kids! Wait, no. Nine.
Chilli (past): I had no idea! Wow... you must have learned a thing or two.
Bella: I have. And there's something you need to know.
Chilli (past): What?
Bella: You're doing great.
(Chilli tears up and embraces Bella. Cut to present.)
Chilli: (sniffles)
Bingo: Are they happy tears, Mum?
Chilli: (voice breaking) Yeah. Happy tears, honey.
(Cut to living room)
Chilli: From then on, I decided to run my own race.
Chilli (past): Whoa, whoa, whoa, yay! Bluey wins!
(Cut to Mothers' Group, Judo walks up to Chilli as she makes a sound)
Baby Judo: Oobi!
Chilli (past): Well done, Judo, you clever girl! (We show a close up of Baby Judo, there is a pink bow on her head and there are hearts on her diaper.)
Bingo: So, did Bluey ever learn to walk?
Chilli: Yes, honey. In the kitchen, actually.
(Cut to kitchen, Bluey pulls herself up and walks to Chilli)
Bluey: Why did I decide to walk in the kitchen?
Chilli: I don't know, sweetie.
(As the episode nears its end, Chilli sees Baby Bluey walking and reaches to pick her up with tears in her eyes.)
Bingo: Maybe you just saw something you wanted.
(Credits roll)