The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler Family House, The sun is setting and it is getting dusky.
Cut inside the nursery room full of packed-up baby items and closed cardboard-boxes.
Chilli is holding up an open box over a sealed one. The open box contains a rattler with a blue baby bib decorated with a white heart in the middle; two multi-coloured sleeve-books; and one large brown teddy bear.
Bingo is examining an on-floor baby carousel which has been already boxed.
Bluey is strumming a ukulele.
Bandit enters the room heading towards the box-pile Chilli is holding up.
Chilli: That one can go.
Bandit: Yes, boss.
Bandit heaves up the box pile with a grunt and transports the items out of the room.
Chilli: Thanks, babe.
Chilli side-eyes at the baby crib before turning and leaning towards it. She continues brushing the railing in tiny motions. Bingo and Bluey take notice of this and walk next to her.
The view changes to show from the crib when Chilli sniffles and a single tear appears on her eye just as Bluey and Bingo arrive at the scene.
Bluey: Why are you crying?
Chilli wipes away the tear.
Chilli: Oh, it's just this room, sweetheart.
Bluey: How does a room make you cry?
The view changes back to show the whole nursery room.
Chilli steps away from the crib into the centre of the room.
Chilli: Well, I guess it's not the room: It's who's been in it.
Bluey: Ohh...
Chilli presents the baby crib.
Chilli: This was your first bed...
Bluey: Yeah. Then I moved into my room.
Chilli: ...And then it was Bingo's first bed...
Bluey: Then she moved into my room?
Chilli: ...And now it's no-one's…
Chilli's eye tears up once again and her tail flops down.
Bluey looks in consoling manner and gently takes Chilli's paw into a hold.
Bandit enters the room again and points at the crib.
Bandit: Alright, so we're dumping the cot?
Chilli looks at the crib again and cringes.
Chilli: (whimpering) Ouh!
Cut to the hallway outside the nursery room where Bluey is whispering into BIngo's ear.
Bluey: (hushed) Okay, okay. You're going to do the working- 
Bingo: (overlayed-whisper) No, you do it-
Chilli walks out of the nursery room holding a guide-book for baby raising: a wooden dumbbell; and a wooden bead bracelet.
Bingo: (whispering) She's here!
The pups step to position in the front the doorway of their own bedroom.
Bluey: Mum, what's this room going to be now?
Bluey points at the nursery room.
Chilli: It'll just be a spare room.
Bluey: Can it be my bedroom?
Chilli: What, you two want to change bedrooms?
Bluey: No-no, just me. I'll move into this room, and Bingo will stay in that room.
Bluey and Bingo point at their own bedroom.
Bingo: Then we'll each have our own bedroom.
Chilli: Well okay.
Bluey, Bingo: Hurray!
Chilli: As long as you're sure.
Bandit walks out of the new spare bedroom and continues walking down the hallway while dusting off his hands.
Bandit: Okay, done.
Chilli catches the attention to stop Bandit.
Chilli: Dad, can you move Bluey's bed into here, please?
Bandit: Oh, what?!
(voiceover) Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called "Bedroom".
Cut the bedroom of the pups.
Bandit is attempting to wedge Bluey's bed past the doorway into the hallway.
Bandit: (grunting) Come on! You...
The view changes to a close-up focus on the pups.
Offscreen, sounds of thuds indicate Bandit manages to get the bed past the doorway and is now dragging the bed across the hallway.
Bluey: Bingo, can the watermelon rug go in my room?
Bingo: Um, okay. But can we have a rug race first?
Bluey: Yeah!
View changes to observe above over the watermelon rug from the doorway.
BIngo and Bluey set up for a (sprint) start.
Bingo: Ready-set-go!
The pups spring for the race clockwise around the rug while giggling and squealing.
Bluey stumbles a little and slightly falls behind but soon overtakes Bingo.
Bluey: I'm in the lead! I'm in the lead!
Bingo: Change!
Bingo turns around and begins to run the rug counterclockwise.
Bluey: Argh, no!
Bluey skids to halt falling onto her hands but soon resumes chasing Bingo.
Cut to Bluey's new bedroom.
The items left from earlier are the armchair and the reading-lamp. The shelf now only has a potted plant.
Bandit is in the process of giving the one last nudge to set Bluey's bed against the wall.
Bandit: (grunts)
The bed jumps the last inch to be against the wall and Bandit loses his grip causing him to fall on his knee.
Bandit: Ouf.
Bluey backpedals into the room while dragging the watermelon rug.
Bandit: Okay, bed's in.
Bandit stands up to rub his bicep and roll the elbow of the same arm.
Bluey: Thanks, big fella.
Still rubbing the same bicep, Bandit begins to walk towards the doorway.
Bandit: Don't call me big fella.
Bingo rushes into the room, stopping Bandit on this path.
Bingo: Hey big fella, can you move my bed?
Bandit: Oh, man...
Cut to the now Bingo's bedroom.
Bandit is sitting on the floor grunting and is in a process to back-shove BIngo's bed towards the balcony window.
Bingo's bed soon slides the last half-a-metre against the outer wall.
Bandit: Phew.
Bandit stands up and begins to walk out the bedroom.
Bandit: Done.
Bandit rolls his elbow as he exits the scene to the left.
Bingo: Thanks, Dad.
Bingo climbs up on her bed.
Bluey enters Bingo's bedroom running and passing Bandit who is massaging his bicep now leaving the room.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo, you moved your bed to where mine was.
Bingo: Yeah, is that okay?
BIngo pats the mattress of her bed.
Bluey: Sure, that's fine.
Bingo: I did it so we can still watch Malcolm.
The pups climb up on Bingo's bed so that they can look out the window.
On the tree, there is a nest with a white-headed pigeon resting inside and seemingly unaware of the presence of the pups.
Bluey: Oh, yeah, good one. What's he doing?
Bingo: Not much.
Bluey:Come on, Malcolm, do something.
The pigeon ruffles a little after a moment..
Bluey and Bingo: Ooh, he heard us!
Cut back to the hallway between the bedrooms of the pups.
Bluey and Bingo have equally stuffed their doorways with plushies. 
Bluey: Okay, these teddies are all mine.
Bingo: And these are all mine.
Bluey: Yes, now: What about Gloria?
Bluey picks up Gloria.
Bingo: Yes, what about Gloria?
Bluey: She was a Christmas present to me from Grandad. But, you didn't get a Christmas present from Grandad.
Bingo: 'Cause he forgot I was born.
Bluey: Yes, he forgot you were born.
Bingo: So you said, "It's okay, Bingo: She can be both of ours."
Bluey: Yes, that's right.
Bingo: So, whose room should she go in?
Bluey: Hmm...she can go to yours.
Bingo happily takes Gloria into hold.
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey. But how about she sleeps over at yours tonight?
Bingo offers Gloria back to Bluey.
Bluey: Oh, okay.
Cut to Bluey's room.
Bluey is rocking Gloria below the window while humming. She puts Gloria into a cushioned box.
(offscreen) Bingo: Bluey!
Scene cuts to Bingo's room just as Bluey is about to step away from Gloria.
Bingo is standing in front of their bookshelf when Bluey enters the scene.
Bingo: Who keeps Lampy?
Bingo points at their salt rock lamp.
Bluey: Oh, um...you can keep her.
Bingo: No, it's okay: You take Lampy.
Bluey: Thanks.
Bingo: But can we play Asleep-Awake?
Bluey: Ooh, okay.
Bluey: A...sleep.
Bingo lays down on the floor pretending to sleep and snoring deeply.
Bluey: (quickly) Awake!
Bluey turns Lampy on again.
Bingo: Ah!
Bingo wakes up and flings herself up on her feet looking very attentive.
Bluey: Asleep.
Bluey turns off the lamp again and Bingo lays back down and falls asleep once more managing to snore nasally.
Bluey: Awake.
Bluey flicks the lamp on again, and Bingo gets right back up.
Bingo: Ah!
Bluey shortens the time between Asleep and Awake for Bingo no longer being able to be fully awake or asleep but instead appears to be doing push-ups while loudly giggling.
Bluey: Asleep. Awake. 
Bingo: Ah!
Bluey: Asleep. Awake. Asleep. Awake. Asleep. Awake.
A musical montage with no vocals starts.
Bluey continues to decorate her own room, now placing Lampy on a nightside table.
Bingo, standing by her own bed, places Floppy on the pillow.
The sun has set and there is an afterglow outside.
The Heelers are having dinner. And Bluey appears to be excitedly telling everyone about something.
The night has fallen.
The pups are having a bath with Chilli washing Bingo's head and Bluey blowing some bubbles. The pups giggle as the bubbles burst up
As the montage music winds down, a shot outside of the Heeler Family House is shown during the night and the sounds of nocturnal insects take over the background ambiance.
Cut the hallway between the bedrooms of the pups.
Bandit is walking towards the end of the corridor.
Bandit: Okay, kids, into bed.
Bandit begins to herd Bluey and Bingo into their rooms.
Bandit: Come on, Big D's ready for knock-off.
Bluey is just about to go into Bingo's room before Bandit puts on his hand on Bluey's shoulder to halt her.
Bindit: Hey-hey-hey, where you going?
Still holding on Bluey, Bandit points at Bluey's room with his free hand.
Bluey: Oh yeah, I forgot.
Bluey scurries towards her room tittering. stopping at the doorway and turning towards Bingo's room.
Bingo: 'Night, Bluey.
Bluey: 'Night, Bingo.
Bluey and Bingo rush towards each other and embrace in a warm hug.
Bingo: Sleep tight.
Bluey: You too.
Bingo: Don't let the bedbugs bite. Take care of Gloria. And Lampy.
Bluey: Yes, I will. And...
Bandit, not being amused of this emotional sisterly hug taking too long to wrap up, forcibly separated the pups from each.
Bandit: Alright; come on, come on...
With a small squeal of amusement, Bluey and Bingo rush into their personal respective bedrooms.
A shot of a bat fluttering towards the Moon is shown,
Cut to Bluey's room.
Bluey is lying in bed tucked under the blanket she is brushing when Chilli enters the room.
Chilli: You all set, Bluey?
Bluey: Yep.
Chilli: (giddies) Exciting!
Bluey titters.
Chilli: 'Night.
Bluey: 'Night.
Chilli waves at Bluey and turns to walk out of the room before Bluey catches her attention again.
Bluey: Ooh, tell Bingo to say goodnight to Malcolm for me.
Chilli: Okay.
Cut to Bingo's bedroom.
Bandit has put Bingo into bed and is in the process of giving goodnight-wishes.
Bandit: G'Night, Bingo.
Bandit gives a kiss on Bingo's head.
Bingo: Good--Night.
Bandit raises his arms up-
Bandit: Clear!
 -and walks away from the bed.
Chilli pokes her head into Bingo's room from the doorway as Bandit walks past her giving a small brush on her shoulder.
Chilli:Bingo, Bluey wants you to say goodnight to Malcolm for her.
Chilli steps inside Bingo's room and remains standing at the doorway.
Bingo: Ooh, okay.
Bingo crawls towards the window to look at Malcolm.
Bingo:Goodnight from Bluey, Malcolm.
Bluey pokes her head into Bingo's room, startling Chilli.
Bluey: Because he might be wondering where I am.
Chilli: Okay, come on: Into bed.
Chilli drives off Bluey from the doorway of Bingo's room.
Chilli: 'Night, Bingo.
Bingo: 'Night.
Chilli leaves Bingo's room as Bingo tucks herself under the blanket.
Cut to Bluey's bedroom.
Bluey pounces into her bed and tucks herself under the blanket.
Chilli pokes her head into room from the doorway.
Chilli: Now off to sleep, honey.
Bluey: Okay, Mum.
Chilli leaves the scene as Bluey lays down her head onto the pillow.
Bluey soon opens her eyes again.
Cut to the main living room:
Bandit crashes face down onto the couch and Chilli occupies the corner spot with her own tablet-computer.
Bandit: Oh, yeah, couch.
Loud thudding-noises coming from upstairs startle both Bandit and Chilli.
Bandit: Bags not!
(delayed) Chilli: Bags not-Aarh, biscuits.
Chilli pelts her thigh out of frustration.
Cut to Bingo's room-
Bluey is pulling a red wagon full of books. Bingo pushes the wagon from the rear.
Bingo: Ooh, careful.
Bluey almost bumps into an unamused Chilli who is standing at the doorway.
Bluey, Bingo: W-Ah!
Chilli: What's going on?
Bluey: It's okay: Bingo said I can have them.
Chilli: It's bedtime kids, come on: You should have done this earlier.
Bingo: But Bluey needs books.
Chilli: Urgh, come on hurry up. 
Chilli kneels down and grabs the handle of the wagon.
Cut to Bluey's bedroom.
Bluey runs to and pounces into her bed as Chilli brings in the wagon full of books letting off the handle once standing in the middle of the watermelon rug.
Chilli: There. Done. 'Night.
Bluey: 'Night!
Bluey waves at Chilli who is about to exit the room.
In the hallway, Bingo is pushing a bookcase towards Bluey's room just as Chilli steps out of Bluey's room.
Chilli: (sternly) Bingo!
Bingo: It's okay; she can have it.
Cut back to Bluey's room, where Chilli and Bingo are finishing setting up the bookcase.
Chilli: Okay, that's the last thing.
Chilli and Bingo walk into hallways with Bluey soon following.
Bluey and Bingo are standing on the doorways of their respective bedrooms with Chilli standing in the middle of the hallway.
Chilli: No more leaving your rooms, okay? It's bedtime.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay, Mama.
Chilli walks back downstairs.
Bluey waves goodnight at Bingo, who returns the wave. They both smile at first, but their smiles quickly fade, prompting them to pad towards their own beds.
Bluey laying in her bed soon flinches.
Bluey: Ooh!
Bluey hops out of her bed and runs over to a stool with some drawing materials on it. Having grabbed some sheets of paper and a couple of markers, she blops on the floor to draw something.
Cut to the hallway.
Bluey rushes to the doorway of her room and kneels down to slide a folded paper over to Bingo's room.
Scene changes to inside Bingo's room. showing Bingo waking up as the paper-slip slide near her plushies.
Bingo: ...Huh?
Bingo gets off her bed and jogs to check the slip note: It's a drawing of a baby bottle with a question mark.
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
Bluey is lying in her bed awake when a baby bottle rolls into her room.
Bluey fetches the bottle and begins to feed Gloria.
Bluey: Sorry Gloria: I forgot your bottle.
A moment later another slip note slides into Bluey's room.
Bluey puts Gloria back into the box-crib with the bottle and rushes to check the note which has a red heart in the middle, making Bluey smile and wag her tail,
Bluey runs over to her drawing materials picking a pink marker from the stool and sets down on the floor to add something on Bingo's note.
The slip note is soon slid back into Bingo's room where Bingo is anticipatingly waiting in her bed.
Bingo hops out of her bed and rushes to slip note grinning. Opening the note reveals the red heart is now being surrounded by nine pink hearts.
Bingo grins and wags her tail.
Back in the main living room, Bandit is on his phone while Chilli is on a tablet. 
Loud thudding-noises coming from upstairs startle Chilli again.
Bandit: Bags not!
(delayed) Chilli:Bags not-Aaarg, again...
Chili sets her tablet on the couch as she discounts from the couch and heads towards upstairs.
Bandit: (restrictly) Hahaa, too good!
Upstairs, Bingo is getting the feeling to slide a message to Bluey.
Bingo: Ehhhh-ehhh, eh!
Bingo sends the note hitting into the toe of a very annoyed Chilli.
Bingo shrieks and runs back into her bed.
Chilli walks into Bluey's room to find Bluey on the floor drawing on paper.
Chilli: What is going on here?!
Bluey is spooked and bounces onto her feed squealing.
Bluey: I didn't leave the room.
Chilli: Well, no messages either. Come on, it's bedtime.
Chilli herds Bluey into bed and kneels to collect the sheets of paper from the floor.
Bluey: Okay...
Chilli walks to sit next Bluey who is now begrudgingly laid down in the bed.
Chilli: Are you okay, sweetie?
Bluey: I'm just not sure I've got everything I need.
Chilli: (croakingly) What?
Chilli waves at the direction of items.
Chilli: You've got your bed, you've got your books and the rug; you've even got the ladder: What else do you need?
Bluey averts eye contact for a moment before whispering into Chilli's ear.
Chilli smiles and gently rubs Blueys head.
Chilli: How about one last message?..
Chilli offers a piece of paper to Bluey who smiles.
Cut to Bingo's view above Bingo's bed where Bingo is tucked in holding Floppy.
Bingo: Goodnight, Missy. Goodnight, Lila. Goodnight, Grandpa Bob, wherever you are.
 A slip note slides slides into Bingo's room.
Bingo: Ooh.
Chilli returns back to the main living room stretching her arms while Bandit on the couch is busy with his phone laying on his back.
Bandit: All good?
Chilli: All good, big fella...
Chilli climbs on the couch and crawls towards Bandit.
Chilli: ...But you'll have to move Bluey's bed back in the morning.
Chilli lays her head on Bandit's lap.
Bandit: Oh, what? Does she miss her old room?
Chilli: No...
Scene shows a paper with a drawing of Bluey and Bingo sleeping next to each with a question mark atop.
The view pans to show Bingo being wrapped in Bluey's arm sleeping together in Bluey's bed.
Chilli: ...It's not the room.
Cut to Bluey and Bingo laying together in Bluey's bed, Bluey having her hand around Bingo.
Instead of Bluey dancing, a message-slip slides in from the left. 
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Café | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheepdog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology
Burger Dog | Bingo 3000 | Letter | Hungry | Animals | Muffin Unboxing | Three Pigs | Tattoo Shop | Phoney | Blocks | Government | Drums | Browny Bear | Whirlpool