The Tune opens with Bluey and Bingo behind a blocks construction.
The scene changes showing Chilli with a taxi sign and a taxi, Bluey enters in the taxi while Bingo jumps.
The taxi sign is focused then turns and shows a green arrow.
Bluey stars to drive the taxi and Bingo stars to walk towards the taxi.
Bluey in the taxi is focused while she continues driving until she see Bingo and stops the taxi.
Bingo: Hi! Open your bonnet please.
Bluey: Pop! Unclick!
Bluey gets out of the taxi meanwhile Bingo checks the taxi.
Bingo: Hmm. Oh, yeah, love. It's the doodad.
Bluey: Oh, the doodad!
Bingo: Yeah, love, you need a new doodad.
Bluey: OK, new doodad.
Bingo: (takes out a blue button) it's this doodad.
Bluey: Oh, right! New doodad.
Bingo: (throws blue button in taxi) Yeah, love. Fix, fix, fix.
Bingo: There you go, love. Bye!
Bingo runs and enter in taxi.
Bluey: Thanks! OK, let's go!
Bluey closes taxi's bonnet and enter in the taxi.
Bluey stars to drive, this time with Bingo as copilot. The scene focuses a crayons in the way so Bluey dodges and drives around they and continues driving.
Chilli appears behind a toy discs tower, Bluey and Bingo continues they journey then Bingo gets out a map, the girls continues the journey.
Chilli puts a turn right sign in the way, Bluey turns to right then Chilli puts a turn left sign, Bingo points to sign and Bluey turn to left, Chilli laughs then she puts a winding road sign finally Chilli puts a circle arrows sign, Bluey and Bingo turn around a tap several times.
Bluey and Bingo: Weeeee!
Bluey continues driving but the she stop the taxi.
Bluey and Bingo get out of the taxi dizziness, Chilli comes dressed as Satnav.
Bluey: Beep! Satnav, take us to Stumblystastics, please.
Chilli: OK. Calculating shortest route to Stumblystatics.
Chilli turns around her compass and the compass points to southeast. Chilli starts to run.
Bluey: OK, let's go!
Bluey and Bingo enter in taxi and follow Chilli.
Chilli points several directions, Bluey continues driving but eventually the petrol ran out.
Bluey: Ning-ning-ning-ning-ning. Ning-a-ning-a-ning-a! Oh dear. Sorry about this, but we're out of petrol.