The Tune opens with Bluey and Bingo walking from left to right in a Janet's glasses.
The scene changes showing Bluey and Bingo walking to Bandit.
Bluey: Here come the Grannies!
Bandit: (holding a toy hoop) Oh, no!
The scene changes showing Bluey and Bingo walking in the backyard then appears a granny's purse jumping, then granny's purse is replaced by four grannies' purses, then nine grannies' purses and finally sixteen grannies' purses.
The scene changes showing Bluey and Bingo dancing in a green background.
The scene changes again, this time in the front of Heeler house where Bingo is counting coins from her granny's purse and Bluey looks Bingo while Muffin in a granny mobile also looks Bingo.
Bingo: One. Two.
The scene changes showing a Janet's glasses again with a granny's purse on the left and Bingo dancing on the right, then Bingo is replaced by Bluey also dancing.
The scene changes showing Bluey and Bingo walking again.
The scene now shows one, two, three granny purses and coins falling inside them. Then one granny purse is jumping following of some coins.
Bluey and Bingo appears dancing in backyard with a granny purse on floor, then the scene changes showing Bandit holding Bluey and Bingo as he jumps with Bluey and Bingo followed by Chilli who also jumps and all down on the floor.
All: (yelling)
The scene changes showing Bluey and Bingo dancing this time with some baked beans on the floor.
One baked bean appears jumping, then four, then nine and finally sixteen.
Bingo appears running but she slipping with baked beans while Bluey looks and she smiles.
Bingo: (on the floor) I slipped on ma beans!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
The scene changes again to Bluey and Bingo walking in Janet's glasses.
Bluey is sleeping on the floor while Chilli looks her.
Bluey: (snoring) 
Chilli: Janet, wake up.
Bluey wakes up faster.
Bluey: Ah! Just having a nanna nap, love.
The scene changes showing a baked beans jumping followed by baked beans also jumping.
Bluey and Bingo dancing again in Janet's glasses.
Now Bluey and Bingo attack Bandit.
Bluey and Bingo: (yell)
Bandit: (downing by Bluey and Bingo) Argh! (Bandit laughs.
Old Pug appears driving grannie mobile in two scenarios.
Bluey and Bingo are dancing in their bedroom.
The scene changes showing Bluey, Bingo and Chilli in the stairs, Bingo holds a yellow balloon.
Yellow balloon: (PFFFF!)
Bandit: Uh!
Bingo giggles.
The scene changes showing a granny purse above and baked beans below, both jumping and followee by coins and baked beans as well.
The scene returns to stairs.
Yellow balloon: (PFFFF!)
Bluey rings a bell.
The scene changes showing three granny purses with coins falling inside them.
The scene changes Blueg and Bingo are in front of their house, Bingo's coins falling down.
Bingo: Oh!
The scene changes to Bluey and Bingo dancing in living room.
The scene changes, now showing some granny purses and then changes showing Old Pup driving in two scenarios and then baked beans appears.
Bluey, Bingo and Chilli are escaping of Ghostbasket.
Bluey and Bingo appears dancing then the scene changes and they are in Pedley and Bingo is driving and ran over Jeremy and Bandit then they crash with the sandbox and get of Pedley.
Bluey: Great parking spot, Rita.
Bingo: Thanks, Janet.
Both giggle.