The episode opens with an establishing shot of the window of a hospital room. The windowsill has some get well soon cards - one with a fairy bread godmother, one with googley-eyed bandages, and one with a teddy bear wearing a bandage. Beside the window is a mylar heart baloon and a bouquet of flowers.
Cut to Bingo, sitting sadly on a hospital bed. Chilli sits at her bedside, and a doctor is holding a stethoscope on Bingo's back.
Doctor: "Okay, take a big breath in for me, Bingo."
Bingo takes a deep breath.
Doctor: "Ooh, that was a big one."
Bingo: (whispering to Chilli) "Can you ask her if I can go home?"
Chilli: "Do you think we can go home soon, Doctor?"
The doctor walks to the foot of the bed and makes a note on Bingo's chart.
Doctor: "We might just keep you in for another night, Bingo. Just to keep an eye on you."
The doctor leaves. Bingo hugs her own knees.
Bingo: "I wanna go home."
Chilli sighs.
Chilli: "I know, kid."
Chilli pats Bingo's back.
Chilli: "Me too."
Bingo: "It's not fair."
Chilli: "Yeah... I guess it isn't. But here we are."
The tablet chimes. The screen lights up.
Chilli: "Oh, look. "
Chilli picks up the tablet.
Chilli: "Dad sent us a message."
Chilli swipes to open the message. The tablet chimes again.
Chilli: "It's a video!"
Bingo: "Can I push play?"
Chilli: "Yeah. Go on."
The shot changes to show the tablet from Bingo's perspective. Bingo taps the play button. The episode title card appears, framed in the tablet.
TITLE CARD - Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound
Bluey: "This story is called: Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound."
The tablet cuts to a blurry shot of Bluey wearing purple underpants. The shot zooms back, and the shot goes in and out of focus as the camera adjusts automatically. Bluey is standing in front of the front steps of the Heeler house.
Bluey: "Hi! I'm Barnicus."
Cut to Bingo and Chilli in the hospital.
Bingo: "It's Bluey!"
Chilli: "Yeah!"
Bingo giggles.
Chilli: "Why is she wearing purple underpants?"
Cut back to Bingo's view of the tablet.
Bluey: "Once, there was a young lady called Barnicus."
Bluey pulls up the waistband of her underpants. Bingo giggles.
Bingo: "Barnicus!"
The camera zooms in until the video fills the frame.
Bluey: "What Barnicus wanted more than anything in the world was a puppy!"
Bluey: "I really want a puppy!"
Cut to the playroom. Bandit (who is also wearing purple underpants) is sitting at the counter of a produce stand. Bluey enters, carrying a shopping basket. Both of them are staring at the camera and smiling unnaturally.
Bluey: "All day, she would say the same thing."
Bluey, who is looking at the camera instead of where she's walking, bumps into the produce stand.
Bandit: (woodenly) "Here's... your carrots... Barnicus."
Bandit sets a pair of wooden carrots on the counter. Bluey picks one up and considers it.
Bluey: "These carrots are nice, but what I really want..."
Bluey turns to face the camera, which zooms in for a close up.
Bluey: ...is my very own puppy."
Bandit: (woodenly) "Maybe you should wish upon a star!"
Bluey: "Okay."
With a star wipe and glissando sound effect, the scene changes to Bluey in front of a blue sheet with stars. A Christmas ornament star hangs from a string, swaying.
Bluey: "Oh, twinkly star, please may I have a puppy?"
Something wooden clatters to the floor offscreen. Half of the backdrop droops, revealing Bandit, who is holding the broomstick that suspends the star.
Bandit: "Argh!"
Cut to Bluey in her bed. She pantomimes waking up and yawning.
Bluey: "And then the next morning, she woke up..."
Bluey: "Oh, my wish came true!"
Bluey points, and the camera pans over. Socks is at the foot of the bed - struggling against Stripe, who is using both arms to try to hold her still. She snarls and growls."
Bluey: "My very own puppy!"
Socks bites Stripe on the hand."
Stripe: "Arghh—"
The camera beeps, cutting off the scene mid-yell. Now Bluey is holding Socks, who is happily eating a chocolate chip cookie out of Stripe's hand.
Bluey: "I will call you Bumpy."
Cut to Bingo and Chilli in the hospital. A nurse is checking Bingo's blood pressure, and watching the tablet over her shoulder.
Bingo: "Hee hee, Bumpy!"
Nurse: "Why is everyone wearing purple pants?"
Cut back to the produce stand. Bluey is drags a struggling Socks on a leash."
Bluey: "Barnicus and Bumpy went everywhere together."
Socks continues to snarl and struggle as Bluey shops.
Bluey: "I'll have some carrots, please, shopkeeper. Bumpy loves carrots."
Bandit: "Oh, yes. What a lovely—"
Socks runs forward and bites Bandit on the ankle.
Bandit: "PUPPY! Ow! So gentle and mild! OWW!"
Stripe: "Cut! Stop it!"
The camera falls on its side as Stripe drops it and enters the frame to break up Socks and Bandit.
Cut to Bingo, Chilli, and the nurse in the hospital. They laugh.
Bandit: (from tablet) "Owww!"
The shot changes to Bluey and Socks skipping through a field.
Bluey: "Barnicus was finally happy."
Socks' eyes widen, then she stops moving. She squats.
Socks: (grunting) "Hueah!"
Socks pans out of frame as the camera continues following Bluey. Just as Bluey notices what's going on behind her, the scene cuts.
Cut to Bluey in her bed, and again she pantomimes waking up and yawning.
Bluey: "Then, one day, Barnicus woke up to discover that Bumpy was very sick."
Bluey puts her hands to her face in shock. The camera pans to show Socks, panting happily and covered in colorful dots."
Bluey: "Oh, no! Bumpy's sick!"
The scene transitions with a clock wipe and another glissando. Still on Bluey's bed, Bluey is sadly patting Socks, who is chewing on her own leg. Outside the window, Bandit holds a piece of cardboard with a sunny sky painted on it, and Muffin holds a piece of cardboard with a moonlight night sky. They shuffle past the window one after the other to show the passage of time.
Bluey: "Lots of days and nights went by, but Bumpy wasn't getting better."
Muffin: "Aaah!"
Muffin trips, dropping her cardboard. Bandit peers over the top of his cardboard, looking a bit concerned. Cut to a close shot of just Bluey and Socks, who is now chewing on her elbow.
Bluey: "It's not fair."
Cut to the back yard. Lucky is fishing in a wading pool with a magnetic fishing toy. He's also wearing purple underpants. Bluey carries Socks (who is now tightly swaddled in a blanket) into the shot.
Bluey: "Barnicus wandered around looking for help..."
Lucky looks at Socks, and shakes his head sadly.
Cut to Mackenzie, who is wearing purple underpants and hammering on the fence with an inflatable hammer, while staring at the camera.
Bluey: "...but no one knew how to fix Socks— Oh, I mean Bumpy."
Mackenzie looks at socks, and shrugs and shakes his head.
Cut to the produce stand again. Bandit's leg is covered in colorful bandages.
Bluey: "Shopkeeper, please can you help Bumpy?"
Bandit: (woodenly) "Sorry, I only know how to sell carrots."
Bandit holds up a wooden carrot to demonstrate.
The scene transitions with a comb wipe and another glissando. At the base of the stairs in the sitting room, Muffin stands on a cushion. She's wearing a chef's toque and is stirring the "contents" of a wide china vase with a wooden spoon. The china vase wobbles as Muffin stirs. She is also wearing purple underpants.
Bluey: "Finally, she asked the baker."
Cut back to the hospital. The nurse is gone.
Chilli: "Oh, no, Muffin. That's my good vase."
Cut back to Muffin. Bluey enters carrying Socks, who is still swaddled. Muffin waves.
Muffin: "Hi, Bluey. Did you want pancakes?"
Cut back to the hospital. Bingo giggles.
Bingo: "Muffin, her name is Barnicus!"
Cut back to the video.
Muffin: "Why doon't... um..."
The camera beeps, and Stripe appears behind Muffin. Bluey looks bored, and Socks is asleep.
Stripe: (whispering) "Why don't you try the Wise Old Wolfhound, Barnicus?"
The camera beeps again, and Stripe is gone. Bluey and Socks are alert again. Muffin looks offscreen at Stripe as she delivers her lines.
Muffin: "Why don't you try the Wise Old Wolfhound, Bluey?"
Stripe: (whispering, off screen) "Barnicus!"
Muffin: (hesitantly) "I mean, Barnicus...?"
Bluey: "Oh, yes, of course! Thanks, baker lady!"
Bluey runs off with Socks. Muffin puts down the spoon and approaches the camera.
Muffin: "Was that all right, Dad?"
The camera beeps, and Muffin is back on the cushion. She waves with the wooden spoon, causing the vase to teeter on the edge of the stool.
Muffin: "Good luck, Bluey!"
The vase falls, shattering.
Cut to the hospital.
Bingo giggles. Chilli puts her head in her hands.
Chilli: "Oh, Muffin!"
Cut back to Muffin, staring at the remains of the vase. After a moment, Bandit leans into the frame.
Bandit: "We can edit that bit out, right?"
The camera beeps, and the scene cuts to Bluey, running across the back yard carrying Socks.
Bluey: "Don't worry, Bumpy. The Wise Old Wolfhound will be able to magic you better."
Bluey reaches her destination: a large camping tent. The tent has been decorated with stars and flags. The salt lamp, a crystal ball, and a geode have been set in front of it as "magical artifacts," and jacaranda flours are scattered around the entrance.
Bluey enters the tent. She gasps.
Inside the tent is Trixie. She's sitting in lotus position, touching the tips of her index fingers and thumbs together in the wisdom seal. She wears a flower crown and a bathrobe, which she is wearing over one shoulder in imitation of a Buddhist monk's Uttarāsaṅga robe. She is in a spotlight. She opens her eyes and waves to Bluey - as she does so, a psychedelic filter is applied to the video.
Cut to Bingo in the hospital.
Bingo: "Hee hee! It's Aunt Trixie!"
Cut back to the Wise Old Wolfhound's tent.
Bluey: "Oh, Wise Old Wolfhound, Bumpy is sick!"
Bluey puts Socks down on the floor, and sits down cross-legged.
Trixie: "Oh, poor little fella."
The camera cuts to another angle, showing Bluey and Socks over Trixie's shoulder. From this angle, a "CH." monogram can be seen on the bathrobe.
Bluey: "It's not fair! Please, can you help him?"
Cut to the reverse shot, showing Trixie over Bluey's shoulder.
Trixie: "I am not a puppy doctor."
Cut to the previous shot.
Bluey: "Please, can you magic him better?"
Cut back to the reverse shot.
Trixie: "Magic?"
The camera cuts to a normal camera angle, showing all the characters.
Bluey: "Please, please, please!"
Trixie: "Okay, little one. Perhaps there is a way I can help."
Bluey: " Oh, wonderful!"
Trixie: "Bring me a pair of purple underpants."
Without hesitation, Bluey stands and takes off her underpants.
Bluey: "Okay!"
Cut back to the hospital. The nurse is watching over Bingo's shoulder again.
Bingo giggles and kicks her feet.
Chilli: "Ah."
Chilli, Nurse: "Now it's making sense."
Cut back to the Wise Old Wolfhound's tent.
Trixie: "Whoa! I'm not finished. I need a pair of purple underpants from someone who's never been sick."
Bluey: "Never been sick?"
Trixie: "Never been sick."
Bluey: "Oh."
Trixie: "Have you ever been sick?"
Bluey: "Oh, yes. I had a runny nose last year."
Trixie: "Well, it will have to be someone else's purple underpants, I'm afraid."
Bluey puts her underpants back on."
Bluey: "No problems! I'll get some from someone in town. "
Bluey picks up Socks and runs out.
Bluey: "We'll be right back!"
Trixie: "Good luck, Barnicus!"
The scene cuts back to the produce stand.
Bluey: "Shopkeeper, shopkeeper! The wise old Wolfhound's gonna help my puppy! I just need a pair of purple pants."
Bandit: "Sure! I'll give you anything if it helps Bumpy."
Bandit stands up, humming, and yanks down his underwear.
Cut to the hospital.
Bingo squeals and laughs.
Chilli and Nurse: "Ewww!"
Chilli: "Oh, dear."
The scene cuts to the produce stand. Bandit hands Bluey his underpants.
Bandit: "There you go."
Bluey: "Thanks."
Bluey takes the underpants and turns to leave.
Bluey: "Wait. I forgot to ask. Have you ever been sick?"
Bandit: "Sick? Oh. Well, yes. I've got..."
The camera suddenly zooms in on Bandit's face as a dramatic music sting plays.
Bandit: "...bum worms."
Cut to the hospital.
Bingo gasps.
Chilli: "Ewww!"
The nurse laughs.
Chilli: "Good grief!"
Bingo: (concerned) "She can't use those pants."
Cut to the produce stand.
Bluey: "Oh, okay. Thanks anyway."
Bluey returns Bandit's underpants.
Bluey: "I'll have to try someone else."
Bluey runs out of frame.
Bingo: "Good luck!"
Stripe: "And cut."
Bandit hurriedly scratches his bum.
But back to Muffin as the baker lady. The vase has been replaced with an upside-down hat.
Bluey: "Baker lady, have you ever been sick?"
Muffin: "Yes. I was sick yast lear."
The camera beeps.
Muffin: "I was sick yast lear."
The camera beeps.
Muffin: "I was sick last week."
Bluey: "Oh."
Muffin: "I had wabies."
Cut back to the hospital.
The nurse laughs. Bingo looks concerned.
Chilli: (laughing) "What?"
Cut back to the video.
Bluey: "Okay, no. "
Muffin scratches her bum while making direct eye contact with the camera.
Bluey: "I can't use your purple pants. Thanks, baker lady."
Bluey runs out of frame.
Muffin: "Bye, Bluey!"
Bluey: (off screen) "Barnicus!"
Cut to Bluey talking to Lucky fishing. Bluey says something, and he shakes his head.
Bluey: "Barnicus kept trying."
Cut to Bluey, talking to Mackenzie hammering on the fence. Bluey says something, and he shakes his head.
Bluey: "But she couldn't find a single person..."
Cut to the front steps. Bluey sadly sits down on the stairs, holding Socks.
Bluey: "...that's never been sick."
Bluey: "Awww, I can't find a single pair of purple pants from someone who's never been sick. It's not fair."
Bluey gasps theatrically.
Bluey: "And then... Barnicus realized what the Wise Old Wolfhound was trying to teach her."
Bluey: "Ohh. Everyone gets sick sometimes, not just Bumpy."
Cut back to the hospital. The nurse is gone.
Bluey: (from the tablet) "Being sick is just a part of life."
Chilli sniffles.
Cut back to Bluey's bed. She pats Socks' head; and Socks chews on her own leg again. Muffin is outside the window, holding up the night drawing.
Bluey: "So from then on, Barnicus stopped thinking that it wasn't fair that Bumpy was sick."
Bluey hugs Socks, who stops chewing on her leg to lean into it. Her tail wags.
Cut to later on Bluey's bed. Now Bandit is holding up the daytime drawing. Bluey is reading a picture book to Socks, who is paying attention.
Bluey: "She read books to Bumpy..."
Cut to later on Bluey's bed. Muffin is holding up the night drawing again. Bluey is drawing with markers. Muffin is chewing on a piece of paper.
Bluey: "...did coloring in..."
Cut to later on Bluey's bed. Bandit is holding up the day drawing again. Both Bluey and Muffin are watching something on a tablet.
Bluey: "...and watched cartoons together."
Cut to Bluey in bed. Bluey pantomimes waking up.
Bluey: "Until one morning, she awoke..."
Uncle Stripe's hands are briefly visible as he tosses Socks into Bluey's lap. Socks no longer has spots. Socks yaps happily, as Bluey rubs Socks' heads.
Bluey: "...to find Bumpy all better!"
Cut back to the hospital. The nurse is back.
Chilli, Bingo, Nurse: "Hooray!"
Bingo squeals happily.
Chilli: "Yeah!"
Cut to the front of the house. Everyone involved in the video is lined up, from left to right: Lucky, Mackenzie, Trixie, Bandit, Stripe, Bluey, Socks, and Muffin. Bluey is awkwardly holding Socks. Most of the characters (except Bluey, whose hands are full) link hands, hold them high, and bow. Bluey awkwardly half-bows.
Bluey: "The end."
Everyone but Bluey and Socks waves.
All: "See you tomorrow, Bingo!"
Socks squirms free of Bluey's grasp, and bites Bandit on the ankle.
Bandit: "Owww!"
Bandit falls over. He struggles free for a moment.
Bandit: (laughing) "Socks!"
Socks bites Bandit on the bum. Everyone but Bluey and Muffin starts to laugh. Bluey looks worried. She takes a step back, and knocks Muffin's toque over her eyes. Muffin stumbles around blindly. Stripe grabs Socks by the legs and tries to pull her off Bandit.
Bandit: "Ow!"
Stripe: "Careful, Socks, he's got bum worms!"
Muffin stumbles into Bluey and falls down.
Cut back to the hospital.
Chilli, Bingo, and the nurse laugh.
Bingo: "Again!"
The music during the credits is the full arrangement of the episode music, with strings and wordless vocals, that plays after Bumpy gets better. Bluey dances as the credits roll.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology
Burger Dog | Bingo 3000 | Letter | Hungry | Animals | Muffin Unboxing | Three Pigs