Dance Mode Script (watched on Disney Jr. on Hulu TV)
This episode opens up on the Heeler family eating at a local restaurant. The first camera shot is of a single chip (fry in the US) on a plate with lots of ketchup surrounding it. 
Local Restaurant
 
Chilli: "Excuse me? Yes, over here."
Bingo: "Ooh, I need brown" (Bingo is colouring a picture and needs a brown crayon)
Bingo: "Oops" she says as knocks her crayons off the table and then knocks down the table number. 
Chilli picks up the knocked over table number and sets it up again.
Chilli: "Oh, yes. Can we get the bill, please?"
Bluey: "OH, CAN WE GET THE BILL?!" in a loud sing-songy voice. 
Bandit: "BLUEY, inside voice."
Bluey: "Oh, can we get the bill?" in a much quieter sing-songy voice.
Bingo is still under the table picking up her crayons that she knocked over. 
Bandit: "Is Bingo gonna eat that chip?"
Chilli: "Uh, no. I think she's finished."
Bandit: "SCAB!"
Bingo reappears at the table with her crayons.
Bingo: "There! Hey, where's my chip?"
Bandit: "Ee!" He realizes she was still hungry.
Bluey: "Dad ate it."
Bingo: "What?!"
Crossing the Street/First Dance Mode
The Heeler family is now standing outside while sad music plays. Bingo looks extremely upset.
Bingo: "I was saving that chippy." Bingo looks like she is close to crying.
 
Bandit: "I know. I said I was sorry, kid."
Chilli: "It's my fault. I thought you'd finished."
Bingo: "I was still very hungry."
Chilli: "How can we make it up to you, Bingo?"
Bandit: "Yeah. Name your price."
Bluey: "AH! I know."
Bluey whispers indistinctly into Bingo's ear.
Bingo: "Eee! Dance mode!"
Bandit and Chilli: "Aw, not dance mode." 
Both Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bluey: "This episode of 'Bluey' is called 'Dance Mode.'"
Chilli pushes the crossing button repeatedly.
Bluey: "Eee, I'm so excited!"
Bingo: "Me too!"
Bandit: "Right. You get three dance modes, Bingo, and then that's it."
Bluey and Bingo: "Okay."
The traffic light changes from red dog (no walk) to green dog (walk).
Chilli: "Green dog. Come on."
As the Heeler family is crossing they pass in front of a city bus, they hear a car playing music, and two of their neighbours (Lucky's dad and Wendy.)
Bluey: "Bingo, music! Shall we put Mum in dance mode?"
Bingo: "Um, yes, okay."
Bluey: I'll do it.
She grabs Chilli's tail and pushes it down thus activating "dance mode".
Bingo and Bluey laugh. Cars they pass honk. People are staring at Chili.
Bandit: "Quick, let's bail kids! She's not with us!"
Horns continue to honk.
Chilli: "Bandit!"
Lucky's Dad from his car: "Whoo! Shake it Chilli!"
Chilli: Morning Wendy! (As she dances in front of her car like no one is watching)
Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Chilli: "Phew."
Bluey: "That was so funny."
Chilli is sweating a lot.
Bandit: "You still got it, babe."
Chilli: "You'll get yours."
Bingo: "Bluey, the next dance mode is going to be mine to choose when, okay? Not you."
Bluey: "Okay."
Post Office/ Second Dance Mode
The next camera shot shows the outside of a post office. There are a few dogs hanging about outside. One dog is looking at postcards.
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo are standing second in line at the post office, waiting patiently. Chilli is close by looking at greeting cards.
Bluey: "Are you gonna use your dance mode in here, Bingo?"
Bingo: "No. I wanna save it for somewhere special. Plus there's no music here."
Bluey: "Oh, yeah."
Bandit: "Aw, what a shame."
Postie: "Next, please."
Bandit and Bluey walk up to the counter.
 
Postie: "How can I help?"
Bandit: "I just need to change the address on this.
Postie: "Okay. I'll need to see two forms of I.D., please.
Bandit: "Two? Uh, hang on. Let me have a look."
Chilli opens up a card and music starts playing.
Chilli: "Ooh, music! Bingo, can I please use dance mode on your dad?"
Bingo: "Uh, well, it's just --"
Chilli: "Pretty please." She is using her "please" face.
Bingo: "Uh, okay, yes."
Chilli: "Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!"
Back to Bandit who is still trying to find two forms of I.D.
Bandit: "Well, I've got my gym card. It's sorta got my picture on it."
Postie: "Uh, no. I can't use a gym card, mate."
We hear "Oh, Susanna" playing from the greeting card in the background.
Bandit: "Oh no!"
Chilli reaches for Bandit's tail and pushes it down thus activating dance mode.
Chilli: "Dance mode!"
Bandit starts dancing uncontrollably. As his family laughs at him.
Postie: "Uh, are you okay?"
Bandit: "I'm fine. Just ignore this. Now, um, what about my library card?"
Postie: "Uh, I'm sorry, we can only accept...look, if you could just stop dancing for a moment."
Bandit: "I would if I could, mate."
The rest of the Heeler family is still laughing hysterically at Bandit's dancing.
Customer in line: "Hey, twinkle toes, hurry up!"
Busker playing pipe-drums with thongs
Camera cuts to the Heeler family walking on the sidewalk in the city. They are still laughing about Bandit's previous dance mode.
Chilli: "That was glorious."
Bandit: "Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah."
Bluey: "When are you gonna use your last dance mode, Bingo?"
Bingo: "Last one? But I haven't even used my first one yet."
Music is playing in the background. Bluey is the first to notice it.
Bluey: "What's that noise?"
Bandit: "Uh, let's, um, go this way instead. Come on, come on, come on!"
Bluey: "Ooh, here. Hang on."
Bandit: "Nothing to see up there."
Bluey: "Ooh, look!"
Busker: "Whoo! Shake it!" He howls. "Shake your tails!"
 
Bluey: "He's playing music with thongs!"
Bingo: "Wow!"
Bluey: "Is this a good place for you dance mode?"
Bingo: "Ooh, yeah!"
Bluey: "Do it, Bingo."
Bingo: "Dance mo--"
Bandit and Chilli grab their tails so they can't be "dance-moded".
Bandit: "Oh, hang on."
Chilli: Yeah, hang on."
Bingo: "Hey."
Bandit: "Look, uh, you seem like you're cheered up, Bingo. Maybe we can forget about that last dance mode."
Bingo: "Aw, what?"
Bluey: "No fair!"
Bandit: "Okay, look, I'm gonna buy your last dance mode off you for, uh, $10 -- no, no, no, 20 bucks."
Chilli: "Bandit, no!"
Bluey: "Whoa, $20 dollarbucks! You could buy a Yes/No button!"
Bandit: "Yeah, yeah. Yes/No button -- that thing sounds good."
Bluey: "Please, Bingo?" She is using her "please face".
Bandit: "Pretty please?" As Chilli looks disapprovingly behind him.
Bingo: "Uh. Okay." Bingo regrettably takes the $20 dollar bucks.
Bluey: "Hooray! Let's go!"
Bandit: "Phew!"
Chilli: "This is not good parenting."
Yes/No Button Store
The next scene has the Heeler family in a store with bright, and colorful products. There's backpacks, stuffed animals, toys, and of course Yes/No buttons.
Bluey: "Oh, here it is. Look, Bingo. You push this."
Yes/No Button: YES
Bluey laughs. Bingo looks sad.
Bluey: "And if you push this one..."
 
Yes/No Button: NO
Bluey laughs. 
Bluey: "What do you think? Do you want it, yeah? Should we get it?"
Bingo: "Uh, okay."
Bluey: "Hooray!"
Bluey is playing with the Yes/No button toy and repeatedly pressing No.
Bandit: "Well that all worked out, didn't it, kids?"
Bluey presses the Yes button and giggles.
Bingo looks very sad. 
Heeler's Car
Bluey is still playing with that Yes/No button.
Bandit: "Aw, Bingo, what's up?"
Chilli: "You wanna tell us what's the matter, honey?"
Bingo shakes her head.
Bluey: "Do you not like your Yes/No button?"
Bingo reaches for the Yes/No button and pressed No.
 
Bluey: "BUT YOU SAID YOU WANTED IT!" Bluey is yelling again.
Bandit: "Bluey, inside voice."
Bluey: "But she said she wanted it, so why is she upset?" (She whispers this time.)
Chilli: "Is it because people keep taking things from you without asking?"
Bingo hits the Yes button.
Chilli: "I thought so."
Bandit: "Like when I took your last chip?"
Bingo hits the Yes button.
Chilli: "And I took one of your dance modes."
Bingo hits the Yes button.
Bluey: "Well, I took one, too, but I asked. We all asked, and she said yes. Didn't you Bingo?"
Bingo hits the Yes button.
Bluey: "See? So what are we meant to do then?"
Bandit: "This is confusing."
Chilli: "Bingo, sometimes does your outside voice say yes when your inside voice really means no?"
Bluey: "Oh, yeah, like this."
Bluey presses the Yes and No button at the same time. 
The whole Heeler family laughs.
Bluey: "I'm sorry Bingo."
Chilli: "Me too."
Bandit: "Yeah, me too."
Bandit pats Bingo's head and she giggles.
Bluey: "Can you think of a way that we can make it up to you?"
Bandit and Chilli: "Whoa, hang on."
Dramatic music plays and Bingo presses the Yes button and makes a very evil face.
Back at Husker playing drums with a thong
Husker: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Bluey: "This is gonna be fun!"
Bandit: "Oh, boy."
Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey all put their tails together, ready to be "dance-moded".
Bluey: "We're ready, Bingo!"
Bingo squeals and moves into position.
 
Bandit: "This seems to happen to us a lot."
Chilli: "Just dance like no one's watching."
Bingo: "Ready?" Her hand is up in the air ready to activate their tails.
Bandit: "Ladies and gentlemen, I'm doing this for my kid."
Bingo: "Dance Mode!"
Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey begin dancing like crazy, doing various dance moves.
Husker: "Here we go!"
Bingo presses the Yes button: "Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes"
Husker: "Whoo! Yeah!"
Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey are still dancing like crazy, doing various dance moves.
Bandit starts doing the "worm"
Bandit: "Let's take this to the max!"
Husker: "Who likes to dance?!"
Episode ends. Credits roll