Episode
Gallery
Script
A view of the Heelers' front door from inside. The doorbell rings. Uncle Radley from outside gets in, looks around, and hides behind a nearby armchair.
Bingo: (runs to answer the door) Uncle Rad's here! (opens the door) Hi Uncle Ra-? Where is he?
Radley surprises Bingo from behind and grabs her and tickles her.
Radley: (to Bingo) How are you doing, Bluey?
Bingo: I'm Bingo!
Radley: (hangs Bingo by the leg, looking at her) Really?
The rest of the family walk in. Bandit gives his brother a small wave.
Bingo: (points at her sister) Yeah, that's Bluey!
Radley: Oh yeah, cause he's blue!
Bluey: (to her uncle, furious) I'm a girl!
Chili silently giggles a bit because of the mix-up.
Radley: Oh, yeah. I knew that.
Bingo: Are you putting us to bed tonight, Uncle Rad?
Radley: You bet!
Bingo: Hurray!
Bluey: (sad) Not hurray.
Chilli: Bluey isn't sure about babysitter putdowns, Uncle Rad.
Radley puts down Bingo to the floor.
Radley: Don't worry, Bluey! Who better to do a babysitter putdown than your Uncle Rad?
After he finishes his sentence, Bluey's godmother: Frisky shows up at the front door.
Frisky: Hello!
Bluey and Bingo: Frisky!
The two girls quickly run over to Frisky and give her a big hug.
Frisky: Hey, girls! Ooh!
Bingo: (turns around and points at Uncle Rad) This is Uncle Rad.
Rad and Frisky lock eyes for a small moment
Radley: ...Hi.
Frisky: ...Hi.
Chilli: Frisky, have you met Bandit's brother, Radley, before?
Frisky: Um, yeah. Didn't you fall in the pool at the wedding?
Radley: Probably.
Bingo: (to Uncle Rad) Frisky is Bluey's fairy godmother.
Chilli: Sorry, Frisky. Uncle Rad got in touch last minute and said he'd babysit. You mustn't have got my message. 
Frisky: Oh, (looks at her phone) no. I didn't get it. That's fine. um, I'll just go. (puts her phone back and prepares to leave)
Bluey and Bingo try to hold Frisky from leaving.
Bingo: (to Frisky) No! Not go! Both babysit!
Frisky: Oh, well, as long as it's okay with Uncle Rad.
Radley: Fine by me.
Bingo: Hurray!
Radley: This episode of Bluey is called "Double Babysitter".
The scene cuts to Bandit and Chilli heading out for night and are seen driving away while everyone is saying bye to Bandit and Chili from the front yard.
All: Bye. Bye. Have fun. Have fun.
Bluey: (sad) Bye...
Radley takes notice of his niece's mood and kneels down to her level to talk to Bluey.
Radley: Now, Bluey, tell me why you're not keen on babysitter putdowns.
Bluey: Well, I had one before and I didn't like it.
Frisky: Oh, why not?
Bluey: It was just too different.
Radley: Well, your fairy godmother and I will make this exactly the same as a Mum and Dad putdown!
Bluey: But I don't know you as well as Mum and Dad.
Radley: Oh, yeah. Good point. Well, you just need to get to know us better!
Frisky: I know. Why don't we play 20 Questions?
Bingo: Yeah!
The scene cuts to the four of them sitting on the rug in the playroom about to play 20 questions when Bingo has a question in mind.
Bingo: Wait, what's 20 Questions? 
Frisky: Well, you ask us questions about ourselves, and we answer them.
Radley: It's easy! Go.
Bluey: Why don't you have a wife?
Radley: Whoa! Well, how do you know I don't have one? 
Bluey: Do you have a wife?
Radley: Well, no.
Bluey: So why don't you have a wife? 
Radley: Ahh...(points to Frisky) her turn!
The girls divert their attention towards Frisky.
Bingo: How many friends you got?
Frisky: Oh, um...three?
Bingo: That's not many. 
Bluey: Why have you got three friends?
Frisky places her left hand in her hair.
Frisky: Well, um...(she eyes towards Radley) back to him!
The girls divert their attention back towards Rad.
Bluey: Why do we only see you at Christmas? 
Radley: Cause I work on an oil rig.
Bluey: Is that why you don't have a wife?
Radley: Oh...(thinks about it for a moment) maybe.
Bingo: What's an oil rig?
Bluey: Why is your hair so pretty?
Both Radley and Frisky place one of their hands in their hair.
Radley and Frisky: Almond milk shampoo!
The two of them look at each other after realizing they use the same hair treatment and said their answer in union.
Bluey: Do you want to have children? 
Radley and Frisky glance at each other for a split second before saying their answer in unison.
Radley and Frisky: Yes.
Bluey: Will Bosco be the daddy?
Frisky: Um...no. Bosco and I aren't friends anymore.
Radley: Who's Bosco?
Frisky: No one. Next question!
Bluey: Bosco's her true love.
Frisky: Not anymore!
Bluey: But true love is forever!
Frisky: Well; err...
Bingo: Is true love not forever?
Frisky: It is...I mean, I thought it was...
There's an awkward silence amongst the four. With Frisky looking down, clearly upset that the topic of Bosco was brought up. Radley quickly identifies what's up and quickly changes the activity.
Radley: Errr... let's play in the backyard!
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
The scene changes to the four of them heading to the backyard.
Bluey: Can you play the exact same games as Mum and Dad?
Radley: Ok, what do they play?
Bingo: Chickenrat! 
Radley: Chickenwhat? 
Bluey: Come Here and Go Away! 
Radley: Come Here go and where now?
Frisky approaches behind Radley and grabs his car keys from his "back pocket". He flinches in shock when she does this.
Frisky: You don't need the same games, Bluey. You need (turns on the torch) Torch mouse!
We see a view of the sky showing it is now dusk before showing Bluey shining the light of the torch on the ground.
Bluey and Bingo: Squeak. Squeak, squeak, squeak.
The view pulls back to Radley and Frisky acting as cats while Bluey and Bingo shine the torch while standing on the tree bench. The two adults start jumping and charging towards the light.
Radley and Frisky: Meow! Meow! Meow! Meow!
Bluey quickly points the light away in various directions as she and Bingo giggle. Bluey narrowly avoids getting capture by Radley. He lifts his hands away to see them empty.
Radley: Meow?
Frisky notices the torchlight is on the other side of Rad, she quickly pounces over Rad to get it.
Frisky: Arrgh!
Bluey points the torch at a piece of cheese lying on the ground with Bluey pointing the torch towards it.
Bluey and Bingo: Squeak, squeak, squeak. 
Bluey: Nibble, nibble. Nibble, nibble.
Frisky hides behind a gnome and moves forward a bit. She glances from behind the gnome and prepares a SURPRISE ATTACK!
Frisky: Meow!
Frisky doesn't grab the light in time as Bluey points it away from her.
A wider view is shown, showing Radley hiding on a tree branch before jumping down for ANOTHER surprise attack!
Radley: Meow!
Bluey turns off the torch just as Rad lands on it. Rad opens up his hands but is shocked to find out there is nothing there. The two sisters giggle at this.
Radley: Meow? Meow?
Bluey turns on the torch and aims it at Radley's chest. He looks down confused.
Bluey: Squeak! 
Radley: Meow?
Frisky charges at Radley and charge tackles him to the ground.
Frisky: RAAR!
Frisky and Radley are now on top of each other, and they fight to capture the light as Bluey points the torch in various areas.
Bluey: Squeak! 
Radley: Rowrr! Rowrr!
The scene transitions to Frisky brushing Bingo's hair while she is brushing her teeth. Meanwhile, Bluey is outside in the hallway brushing her teeth with her uncle looking at her.
Bluey: Torch mouse was fun, but I don't want to do anything else that's different, please.
Radley: What about this?
Rad picks up Bluey and flips her upside down and sticks her up on the ceiling.
Bluey: Whoa, this is weird!
Radley: Yeah. But before you know it, you get used to it.
The view is flipped upside down so we can see Bluey standing up on the ceiling. Bluey drops her toothbrush while on the top of the ceiling and giggles.
Bingo: Do me!
Frisky: Oh, boy. I'll give it a crack!
Frisky lifts up Bingo and gets her close to the ceiling. Bingo is almost able to touch the ceiling, but her feet are inches away from it. Bluey is seen sitting crisscross next to the light and pretends to act like it's a campfire with her hands outstretched.
Bluey: Hello upside down Bingo!
Bingo: Hi!
Frisky: Bingo. You've gotten...*grunts* Heavy!
Bluey: Come and sit by the campfire!
Bingo: (Trying to reach the ceiling). I'm trying!
Frisky no longer has any strength to hold Bingo any longer and drops to the floor with Bingo falling down as well. Bingo laughs and happily wags her tail as Frisky suggest they do something else.
Frisky: How about a story?
The scene changes to Bluey and Bingo's bedroom. Radley and Frisky are telling a fairytale about a prince rescuing a princess from a dragon to the girls.
Radley: And then the prince knocked the dragon with a big prince punch!
A wide shot shows Radley standing on Bluey's bed just before he jumps down to punch the dragon on the floor. He jumps down and punches on the pile of books where the dragon plushie is sitting. And then, it flies off.
Radley: BOOM!
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Radley climbs up the ladder where Frisky is being held "captive".
Radley: Princess, I have rescued you! Now we shall marry.
He holds his hand out to Frisky, but she looks back with disgust.
Frisky: And the princess replied, (turns away from Radley) no thanks!
Radley: What?!
Bingo giggles and Bluey starts to laugh.
Frisky: She didn't like the look of him!
Radley: Why not?
Frisky: Well, his hair was a bit messy, and he was a bit *too* muscly!
As she describes Radley's appearance, he touches his hair with his right arm in confusion. Then he feels his chest around for a bit before flexing his right arm.
Frisky: You know what I mean, kids?
Bluey and Bingo starts to giggle while in the part.
Radley: Hang on, I prince-punch the dragon, take you back to the castle and we get married. That's business!
Frisky turns back to Radley.
Frisky: Hey, I didn't *ask* to be rescued!
Radley: You'd rather stay with the stinky dragon?
Frisky: I'm getting used to him.
Bluey and Bingo are still giggling after the part.
Radley: Ok, I will wake him up!
Radley climbs down to wake up the dragon when Frisky outstretches her arm to stop him.
Frisky: Wait! No!
Radley: Yeah. Didn't think so.
Bluey and Bingo start laughing at the part when he was going to wake the dragon up.
Frisky: Ugh, princes are *all* the same, she thought.
Radley: No, we're no! There's good princes and bad princes, m'lady. Everyone knows that.
Bluey: Which one was this prince?
Radley: He's good! He rescued the princess!
Frisky: Only because he like prince-punching dragons! Tomorrow he'll be off in search of another princess.
Radley: Man, this princess is hard to rescue.
Both Bluey and Bingo giggle and laugh at the situation.
Frisky: Well, while the prince figures it all out, she grabs a nice book and lives happily ever after. (She grabs a book and lies down). The end.
Bluey: What?!
Bingo: That is not the end!
Bluey: In Mum and Dad's stories, they get married in the end!
Radley: Er, princess?
Frisky places the book down and sits back up.
Frisky: Ok, fine. For the sake of the children, (she jumps down and stands next to Radley, linking arms with him), they get married. The end.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Radley: I'll take it! 
The night sky is shown, with the moon being a crescent, a few clouds in the sky and twinkling stars are shown.
The scene then cuts to Radley and Frisky tucking the two sisters to bed. Radley is tucking in Bingo while Frisky tucks in Bluey in the background.
Radley: Night-night, Bingo. did you have a good-
Before Radley can finish his sentence, Bingo quickly falls asleep, and snores while sleeping.
Frisky is then shown tucking in Bluey.
Bluey: Frisky, you won't watch TV after I fall asleep, will you?
Frisky: Oh, ah, no, we don't have to.
Bluey: You promise?
Radley looks down, and finally realizes what has been troubling his niece this entire time.
Radley: Oh, hang on. Was your last babysitter putdown with Nana?
Bluey: Yes...
Radley: And let me guess, you woke up, and the TV was too loud.
Bluey: Yes...
Radley: (To Frisky) Mum can't hear very well, so she turns it up loud.
Bluey: She was watching something scary.
Frisky: That's why you don't like babysitter putdowns, isn't it?
Bluey: Yes...
Radley: Look, you just had a bad one, kid. This one will be different.
Frisky: We promise.
Bluey: But how can I know for sure it won't happen again?
Frisky: You can't. But...you have to give it a go anyway, or you'll be stuck in a tower with a stinky dragon forever.
Bluey thinks about it for a second.
Bluey: Ok. I'll give it a go.
Frisky: That's my girl.
To comfort Bluey, Frisky and Radley lay down on the bedroom floor. With Frisky holding Bluey's hand as she drifts off to sleep. Radley is laying down next to Frisky hugging the dragon plushie close to him.
The scene then transitions to later that night with both Bluey and Bingo fast asleep. The lights are turned off and Bluey wakes up noticing that Frisky and Radley are no longer laying on the floor. She hears the sound of the two adults talking outside the bedroom porch and gets up from her bed to listen what they are talking about.
Frisky: Absolutely.
Radley: Yeah, that's right.
Frisky: No, I never thought of it the way.
Radley: It's the only shampoo I like.
Frisky: The shampoo is great, but the conditioner, I don't rate the conditioner.
Radley: Nah, me either. But you know, you can't get around with open follicles.
As the two talk, Bluey looks through the door's window, smiles, and then goes back to bed.
The episode music continues through the credits. Instead of Bluey dancing, the screen is blank for a few seconds, then the dragon plushie is seen bouncing before coming to a rest on the floor.