The episode opens in the dining room of the Heelers' house. Bluey is drawing with markers and humming.
The scene cuts to a close-up of Bluey's drawing - it's a version of herself with fairy wings. Bluey's drawing style is stick figures with dark outlines, colored in with marker scribbles.
The scene cuts back to the dining room. Bandit enters from the right, gesturing and walking like a monkey.
Bandit: Ooh-ooh-ooh aah-aah-aah—
Bandit stops as Bluey speaks.
Bluey: Dad, can you help me draw a dragon story?
Bandit: I'll give it a go, but I'm not a very good drawer.
Bandit takes a seat, and takes Bluey's drawing and a black marker. He begins drawing on Bluey's drawing. The scene cuts to a close up of him completing his drawing - a barbarian version of himself. He's got muscley arms, a fur loincloth, and a weapon on his back. Bandit's drawing style is very similar to Bluey's, but not colored in.
The scene cuts back to the dining room.
Bandit: See what I mean?
Bluey: Am I a good drawer?
Bandit: You're a great drawer.
The scene cuts back to the drawing. The figures are now animated, and speak along with their drawer.
Bandit: But why have you got a sandwich stuck to your back?
Bluey: They're fairy wings!
Bluey begins to hover.
The scene cuts back to the dining room. Bluey takes the drawing back. She looks disappointed.
Bluey: Can't you tell?
Bandit: Oh, yeah, of course.
The scene cuts back to the drawing.
Bandit: Well, if you can fly, then I'll need a horse.
A crude horse pops into being underneath Bandit, along with a green line representing the ground. The horse is maybe half his height
Horse: (whinnies)
Bandit pats the horse on the head.
Bandit: This is Doug.
Bandit: Doug looks more like a donkey.
Bandit: Yeah, horses are hard to draw.
A drawing of Chilli enters from screen right, riding a horse, equipped with a green cloak and a bow and arrows. Both her and the horse are well rendered in something pretty close to the show style, though she's given herself longer hair and omitted some spots. Her drawings are colored in quite evenly, with uncolored areas representing strong lighting, and slightly heavier layers of marker creating shading. Her drawings also move at a higher framerate than the rest of the family.
Chilli: Can I join in?
Bluey: Whoa! That horse is beautiful!
The scene cuts to the dining room. Chilli has taken a seat next to Bluey, and is drawing on her own sheet of paper. She has brought her own box of art markers. Unlike the other Heelers, she's drawing left-handed.
Chilli: Thanks.
Bandit: (unenthusiastically) Yeah, it's alright.
Chilli: Oh, my, that's a lovely donkey.
The scene cutes back to the drawing.
Bluey: Actually, it's meant to be a hor—
Bandit: Uh, no, it's a donkey.
Doug: Hee-haw!
Bluey: (to Chilli) How come you're such a good drawer?
Chilli: Oh, well, I'm not that good.
Chilli rides her horse around to the other side of Bandit and Bluey. The horse rears and neighs, and Chilli draws a sword and raises it high, creating a huge flash of light (which appears to be drawn in colored pencil).
Bluey: Yes, you are.
Chilli shrugs.
Chilli: Well, I guess my Mum always—
Bingo: (making engine noises) Vroom!
A drawing of Bingo zooms in from screen right on a motorbike. Bingo's drawings are in crayon, and she outlines them in the same color as the fill. Like Bluey, she colors them in with scribbles. Bingo does a few donuts.
The scene cuts back to the dining table. Bingo is sitting in the right-most seat, drawing with crayons on her own paper.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Bandit: A motorbike? 
Bingo starts scribbling big grey smoke clouds over her drawing.
Bingo: (making engine noises) Brrum brrum brrum brrum.
Bandit: I thought this was an old-timey, elf-y story.
The scene cuts back to the drawing. Bingo is glaring at the rear wheel of her motorbike as it spins without moving her forward.
Bingo: (making engine noises) Brrum brrum brrum.
Bluey: Bingo, d'you wanna come with us to find the dragon?
Bingo: (hoarsely) YESl! (making engine noises) Vroom-vroom!
Bingo speeds off, leaving a dust cloud in Bandit's face. Chilli looks amused.
Bandit: Ah-choo! HEY!
TITLE CARD - Dragon
Bluey : This episode of Bluey is called Dragon.
The scene changes to a drawing of a field, with trees and mountains in the background. All four Heelers are traveling screen right.
Bluey: (voiceover) Once upon a time, some friends all set off to find a dragon.
Bandit scratches at his waist.
Bandit: Oh, man. These furry jocks are itchy.
Bluey: (voiceover) When suddenly...
A huge, circular dragon plops down from the top of the screen.
Chilli's Horse: (neighs)
Bandit: Whoa! It's... one of... those dudes.
The scene changes back to the dining room.
Bluey: Don't you know what it is?
Bandit: Yeah! It's, um... 
The scene changes back to the drawings. Bandit shrugs.
Bandit: ...Humpty Dumpty?
Bingo: (giggles) No, it's a dragon!
Chilli: Already?
The scene changes back to the dining room. Bluey sadly adjusts her drawing.
Bluey: Um, no, it's not the dragon.
The scene changes back to the drawings. A wall pops up from underneath the dragon, and its wings and horns vanish.
Bluey: It's Humpty Dumpty.
Chilli: Are you sure, Bluey?
Bluey: Yes. The dragon's hiding somewhere else.
Bandit walks up and pats Humpty Dumpty.
Bandit: Well, that's good. Humpty Dumpty's friendly.
Humpty Dumpty eats Bandit and Doug in one bite.
Humpty Dumpty: Rah!
Bingo: Aaaaah! No, he isn't!
Chilli dismounts and draws her bow.
Chilli: Get him!
She shoots an arrow, which bounces off. Bluey zaps him with a lightning bolt.
Humpty Dumpty: (roaring) Rah!
Bandit and Doug can be seen thrashing around in his open mouth, covered in orange goo.
Bandit: It's all yolk-y!
Chilli continues rapidly firing arrows.
Chilli: Poit! Poit! Poit!
Bingo: Bluey, imagine me a jump!
Bluey: Okay!
'Bingo drives further back. Bluey magically summons her a jump. She drives up the jump, going airborne.
Bingo: Aaaah!
She hits Humpty Dumpty, knocking him over. He cracks in half, spilling out Bandit and Doug, still coloured orange.
Bingo: (grunts) Uh!
Humpty Dumpty: (high pitched) Ouchy!
Bingo, Bluey, and Chilli : Hooray!
Bandit Who wants scrambled eggs?
Chilli, Bluey, Bingo and Bandit: (cheer)
They all dance, as a brief jig plays.
The scene changes to the Heelers traveling across a grassy field once more.
Bluey: (voiceover) So, the friends kept walking...
Bandit scratches at his jocks.
Bandit: Maybe I should be shampooing these things.
The scene changes to a blank white void, with a simple black line for the ground.
Bluey: (voiceover) ... and then they got to a forest.
The scene changes to the dining room.
Bluey: Can you draw a forest, Mum?
Chilli: Okay. Will the dragon be in it, do you think?
Bluey: Um, no, not yet.
The scene changes back to the drawing. The void fills in with a forest, in Chilli's style. They start traveling again.
Chilli: Wow. This dragon's hard to find. Let's ask the wise old talking tree.
Bluey: Oh, yeah! She can tell us where the dragon is.
Bluey: (voiceover) So they walked to where the wise old talking tree was.
The party arrives at a clearing.
Bingo: (hoarsely) We're here!
Bluey: Where's the magic tree, Mum?
The scene changes back to the dining room. Chilli is rubbing her right wrist.
Chilli: (groans) Ugh. My hand's sore from drawing all these leaves. Could you draw it, Bluey?
Bluey: Um, no, I don't want to.
Bandit: I'll draw it.
The scene cuts back to the drawing. A line drawing of a tree pops up. It's not much taller than a person; and it's got eyes, a mouth, arms, and a hat.
Bandit: (doing a goofy voice for the tree) Hiya. How's it going?
The scene cuts back to the dining room. Bluey, Chilli, and Bingo are looking quizzically at Bandit's drawing.
Bluey: Uh, Bingo, why don't you draw it?
Bingo: Okay.
Chilli: Wait, no!
The scene cuts back to the drawing. The tree transforms into a much larger tree in Bingo's style. It's still got eyes and a mouth, but now it's got a (photographic) piece of farfalle pasta for a bowtie, and big pink fruits.
Bingo': (doing a goofy voice for the tree) Raaah!
The tree reaches down with its limbs and grabs everyone.
Bluey, Bandit, and Chilli: Aaaah!
Talking Tree: Let's... eat... fruit!
The tree stars force feeding the Heelers by jamming the pink fruits in their faces. Chilli spits out a mouthful of fruit and holds it away from her face.
Chilli: Talking tree, we just want to know where the dragon is!
Talking Tree: He's in the toilet. Ha, ha, ha!
The scene cuts to Bingo, scribbling on her drawing of a tree.
Bingo: (giggles)
The scene cuts back to the drawing.
Bandit: Hey, I know what trees hate. (bad Scarface impression) Say hello to my little friend!
Bandit draws a two-headed axe.
Talking Tree: Oh! Bye!
The tree throws them all offscreen.
All: (scream)
The scene changes to a rocky clearing in the forest. All four Heelers land with a groan.
Chilli: (pained) Why don't we camp here for the night.
The scene cuts to a drawing of a crescent moon. It's got a goofy face on it.
Moon: Moon.
The scene cuts to the Heelers making camp. Bandit is roasting a piece of meat over the campfire while Chilli watches. Bingo dozes against a rock. Bluey is sitting by herself, looking sad. Bandit takes a piece of meat and hands it to Chilli, who carries it over to Bluey.
Chilli: Do you want some rabbit, Bluey?
Bandit: (offended) It's a chicken!
Bluey: I'm sorry, Mum. I'm not sure there is a dragon anymore.
Chilli puts away the piece of chicken.
Chilli: Bluey, can you cast a memory spell on your dad? I want to show you something.
Bluey: Okay.
Bandit is scratching his bum by the campfire. Bluey comes up behind him and blasts him with a bunch of sparkly pink smoke.
Bluey: P-choo!
Bandit: Argh!
The pink smoke rises up, forming a frame around a flashback, drawn entirely in Bandit's style. A young Bandit is in school, drawing at his desk.
Bandit: (voiceover) Whoa! Here we go. This is me. I'm six years old. 
The view changes to show young Bandit's drawings in first person. He's drawn a police car and and a blue car, and is now working on a red one.
Bandit: (voiceover) I'm at school, drawing pictures of cars.
Bluey: (voiceover) That's a lot of cars.
Bandit: (voiceover) (wistfully) I loved drawing cars.
The view changes back to third person. Another kid comes up behind young Bandit. Bandit tries to hide his drawing as the kid looks from different angles.
Bluey: (voiceover) Who's that?
Bandit: (voiceover) Ugh. Bucky Dunston. He was in my class. I think he’s a real estate agent now.
Bucky: That doesn't look like a car.
Bucky walks off. Young Bandit wads up his drawing, and throws it in his desk.
Bandit: (voiceover) I kind of gave up drawing cars after that. Gave up drawing altogether, really.
The memory spell fades, transitioning back to the shared drawing.
Bandit: (whimpers sadly)
Bluey: That's sad.
Chilli: Now do me.
Bluey: Whoo!
Bluey blasts Chilli with pink smoke. She smiles happily as the camera pans up to the scene in the smoke. In Chilli's style, we see a young Chilli laying on the floor, drawing with pencils. She's drawing a horse, and she has a book open for reference.
Chilli: (voiceover) There I am, seven years old, drawing horses.
Chilli: (voiceover) I loved drawing horses...
The view changes to first person. Chilli is comparing her drawing to an illustration of a quarter horse from the book.
Chilli: (voiceover) ...but I could never get them to look right.
The view changes back to third person. Frustrated, young Chilli shoves the drawing away.
Young Chilli: Why don't they look like the picture?
Chilli's Mum enters from screen right and picks up the drawing. She smiles.
Bluey: (voiceover) Who's that?
Chilli: (voiceover) That's my mum. Your grandma.
Bluey: (voiceover) Wow! She's beautiful.
Chilli's mum sits down next to young Chilli.
Young Chilli: It's not as good as the one in the picture.
Chilli's Mum: You're right. It isn't.
Bluey: (voiceover) What?!
Chilli's Mum: But it's pretty good for a seven-year-old.
Young Chilli's tail starts to wag.
Young Chilli: Really?
Chilli's Mum: Yep. Keep practising. You'll get better.
Chilli's Mum gives the drawing back, and strokes Young Chili's head.
Chilli's Mum: Just don't ever give up, Chilli.
Chilli starts to draw again as the memory spell fades. The camera pans back down to the shared drawing.
Chilli and Bluey walk over to Chilli's Horse and Doug.
Chilli: I didn't give up. That's the difference.
Chilli strokes her horse's nose.
Bluey: Your mum sounds nice.
The scene moves in for a close up of Chilli stroking the horse's nose.
Chilli: Yeah. She was.
The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through the forest again. Bandit is scratching again.'
Bluey: (voiceover) The heroes traveled on.
Bandit: These...
The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through a swamp in the rain.
Bandit: ...jocks...
The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through a desert.
Bandit: ...are...
The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through a blizzard.
Bandit: ...ITCHY!
The scene changes again, the Heelers arrive at a snowy plateau.
Bingo: Are we almost at the dragon, Bluey?
The scene changes to the dining room.'
Bingo: My fingers are tired.
Bluey smiles and starts drawing with her green marker.
The scene changes back to the drawing.
Bluey: Bingo, check behind those bushes.
Bingo jumps off of her motorbike and throws aside a bush, revealing the entrance to a cave.
All: (gasp) The dragon's cave!
They all briefly dance, as another snippet of jig plays.
The scene changes to the interior of the cave. The Heelers all enter.
All: (gasp)
The camera pulls back, revealing a huge mountain of gold, stretching off the edge of the screen.
All: Treasure!
The scene changes to the mountain of gold. Bingo and Bandit kneel down and start picking up gold coins.
The scene changes back to Bluey and Bingo at the base of the mountain of gold. Chilli looks around warily.
Chilli: I can't see a dragon.
The scene cuts to the dining room.
Bluey: He's coming.
The scene cuts back to the drawing. Bingo and Bandit are still picking up gold. Bandit has filled his jocks with coins. Bingo is examining a golden goblet.
Bingo: Eh. I don't need a cup.
Bingo tosses the cup over her shoulder. It bounces down to the bottom of the hoard, where it hits the floor with a jingle, which echoes.
Chilli: Uh-oh.
Two huge eyes open in the darkness behind Chilli and Bluey.
Bingo: (offscreen) (gasp) I see its eyes!
Bluey and Chilli run up the hoard to stand with Bingo and Bandit.
Bluey: Here it comes!
A huge green dragon emerges from the darkness. It's a big improvement on Bluey's last drawing.
Dragon: (roars) RAAAH!
All: Whoa!
Bandit: Oh! That is a cool dragon!
Bingo: It's so good!
The scene cuts back to the dining room.
Bluey: Well, it's okay.
Chilli nudges Bluey with her elbow.
Chilli: It's pretty good for a seven-year-old.
The scene changes back to the drawing. Bandit approaches the dragon.
Bandit: Ooh, it's got pink wings—
Dragon: (roars) Raaaah!
The dragon breathes fire, setting Bandit's jocks on fire.
Bandit: Aaah!
Bandit runs up the mountain of treasure, past the rest of the party.
Bandit: He burnt my furry jocks!
Chilli: Oh, it's on!
Chilli starts firing arrows at the dragon.
Chilli: Poit! Poit! Poing! Poing! Poit!
Dragon: Waah!
The dragon breathes fire, but Bluey counters it with a blast of blue magic.
Bluey: Raah!
Dragon: Grrr!
The battle continues offscreen as the scene cuts to Bingo and Bandit. Bingo hasn't moved the whole battle, just watching it play out. Bandit's jocks are gone.
Bandit: Woo-hoo! Free and easy.
The scene cuts back to Bluey, flying around the dragon's head. She continues cancelling out its fire breath with blasts of blue magic. They both fire a sustained blast; the point where the blasts collide moves back and forth.
Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo: That's it, Bluey!
Bluey overpowers the dragon, and blasts it with her magic. It transforms into a huge green handbag with a face.
All: Hooray!
The handbag falls to the floor. Boulders begin to fall from the cave ceiling.
Chilli: Ahhh! The cave's collapsing!
More boulders fall, sealing off the entrance.
Bluey: The entrance is blocked!
Bingo drops her coins and falls to her knees.
Bingo: We're doomed!
Bandit gets a smug look on his face.
Bandit: Hang on. What's this?
Bandit dives into the pile of gold. A moment later, and engine roars, and he emerges, driving another drawing of the red car from his flashback.
Bandit: Woo-hoo-hoo!
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Nice car, Dad!
Bandit: Thanks! Just needs a bullbar.
A bullbar appears on the front of the car. He revs the engine and the car takes off.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: (scream)
They ram the boulders and go right through, exiting the cave. The car screeches to a halt at the edge of the plateau. They all jump out of the car and do a little dance.
All: Yeah! We did it! Woo-hoo!
The scene briefly cuts to the mountains, before cutting back to the car. Bingo's motorbike is now strapped to the top of the car, and Bandit is trying to cram Doug into the trunk with a pile of gold.
Bandit: Come on, Doug! Get in!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Doug springs back into shape, knocking Bandit down.
Doug: Hee-haw!
Chilli is pulling on the reins of her horse. She resists.
Chilli's Horse: (neighs)
Chilli: (sadly) You're not coming, are you?
The horse whinnies and shakes her head. She lowers her head, and Chilli presses her forehead against the horse's forehead.
Chilli: Thank you.
Chilli takes off the horse's bridle. The horse rears back, sprouting wings which knock off its saddle.
Horse: (neighs)
The horse takes flight. The Heelers watch as it flies off into the distance.
The music from the final scenec continues uninterrupted into the credits. Instead of Bluey dancing, the end credits show a handful of gold coins, a golden goblet, and a ruby. The treasure sparkles gently.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology