The episode opens in the Heelers' kitchen. Chilli puts a casserole in the oven and dusts her hands.
Chilli: "Okay, that's morning tea. Let's get dinner in the slow cooker.
She walks to the fridge and opens it. Bingo enters, wearing a pair of deely-bobbers with sparkly love hearts.
Bingo: "Mum, I can't find my love heart hairbands."
Chilli doesn't need to look.
Chilli: "They're on your head, love!"
Bingo: "Oh!"
Bingo shakes her head, making the love hearts wiggle. Bandit walks up with a PTA form.
Bandit: "Hey, babe, you need to sign these."
Chilli closes the fridge with a punnet of mushrooms in hand. She takes the PTA form with the other..
Bandit: "Alright, let's roll, Bingo."
Bandit ushers Bingo out of the kitchen. Bluey enters and hops up on a breakfast bar stool. Chilli sets the form and mushrooms down on the breakfast bar.
Bluey: "Mum?"
Chilli's phone rings. Caller ID shows a pug in a magenta hat.
Chilli: "It's Madge. Two seconds, Bluey, it's work."
Chilli answers the phone with one hand and signs the document with the other.
Chilli: "Hi, Madge! What's up?"
Toast pops out of the toaster.
Chilli: "Have you looked in your drawers?"
She fetches the toast and brings it to the breakfast bar. Bingo runs in, looking for something.
Chilli: "Why would Jenny steal your stapler?"
Chilli butters the toast. Bingo runs in, looking for something. Chilli points at a child-sized field hockey stick, then hands the buttered toast to Bluey.
Chilli: "There."
Bingo: "Thank you!"
Bingo grabs the field hockey stick. Chilli hands her the PTA form too.
Chilli: "Mm-hm."
Chilli puts her hand over the microphone.
Chilli: (whispering) "What do you need, honey?"
Bluey: "Can you play Driving with me?"
Chilli: (whispering) "Oh, Bluey, I'm a bit busy at the moment. Can we play later?"
Bluey: "Yeah, that's okay."
Bluey hops down from the stool. Chilli throws some mushrooms into the slow cooker.
Chilli: "No, she doesn't hate you, Madge."
Chilli puts her hand over the microphone again.
Chilli: (whispering) "I'm sorry, Bluey. I can't just drop everything to play with you. There's things I need to do, okay?"
Bluey: "It's OK. I understand."
Bluey walks off. Chilli watches her go, a bit sadly. She tosses some more mushrooms in the slow cooker and a dash of herbs, then puts on the lid.
Chilli: "Look, Madge, use a paper clip for now and call me back in five minutes."
She hangs up on Madge, who is still talking. She intercepts Bluey at the kitchen doorway.
Chilli: "Bluey, I've got five minutes. Let's play Driving!"
Bluey: "For real life?!"
Chilli: "For real life!"
Bluey: "Hooray!"
TITLE CARD: Driving
Chilli: "This episode of Bluey is called: Driving."
Chilli sits on the kiwi rug in the playroom, with her arms and legs held out. Bluey hums as she walks past. She pulls Chilli's left arm aside.
Bluey: "Open door."
She sits down in Chilli's lap, placing her feet on Chilli's feet as "pedals". She pantomimes closing the door.
Bluey: "Close door. Clunk!"
She pantomimes buckling her seat belt.
Bluey: "Seat belt. Click!"
She pantomimes turning the key. It takes a moment for the engine to catch.
Bluey: "Turn the key. Ee-ee-ee! Br-oo-oo-oo-m!"
Bluey pretends to hold a steering wheel.
Chilli: "Okay, that one's stop..."
She points at her left foot and flexes it.
Chilli: "...and that one's go."
She points at her right foot and flexes it.
Bluey: "Go!"
Bluey hits the accelerator.
Chilli: "Vroom! Driving along..."
She points ahead of them.
Chilli: "Ooh! Speed bump! Slow down..."
Bluey puts on the brakes. Chilli jostles her twice, imitating a speed bump.
Chilli: "Buh-doop! Buh-doop!"
Bluey giggles. Chilli holds out her hand.
Chilli: "Ah! It's raining!"
Bluey: "Is it raining hard?"
Chilli: (sadly) "No."
Bluey: "Okay. I'll turn them on to 'sometimes'. Boop!"
Bluey pantomimes turning a dial. Chilli holds up Bluey's arms, and swishes them from side to side in imitation of windshield wipers.
Chilli: Bzh! Bzh!
Bluey giggles, and puts her hands back on the wheel.
Bluey: "Ooh! traffic light!"
She puts on the brakes, and imitates the sound of brakes squealing.
Bluey: "Ewk! Have to wait for it to turn green."
She waits patiently.
Bluey: "Still red."
Chilli swishes the "windshield wipers" again.
Chilli: "Bzh! Bzh!"
Bluey laughs.
Chilli: "Why don't you put the radio on?"
Bluey: "Oh, yeah! Boop!"
Bluey pantomimes pressing a button.
Chilli: (formally) "—and that was from his early Baroque period. Now for some Mendelssohn."
Chilli hums a few notes. Bluey changes the channel. Chilli wiggles Bluey back and forth as she animatedly imitates a morning radio show. Bluey giggles the whole time.
Chilli: (bubbly) "Hey, hey! We're back with the B107 brekkie crew— Basho, Flip and Dutsy, and me, Kelly C. We were—"
Bluey points ahead.
Bluey: "Oh! Green!"
She accelerates.
Bluey: "Vroom!"
Chilli: "Vroom, vroom. Is there somewhere you want to go?"
Bluey: "No. I'm just driving around. Hi!"
Bluey waves to a pedestrian.
Chilli: "Okay. Vroom, vroom... Driving along... Driving along."
The phone beeps and vibrates.
Chilli: "Oh, it's Madge. Uh... is that enough Driving?"
Bluey: "Um... yeah. Thanks, Mum."
Bluey gets up and sits down at the mushroom-patterned table and chairs. A tea party is already in progress. Chilli gets up, too.
Chilli: "I'm sorry, Bluey. I'm not very good at this game."
Bluey: "That's OK. I can play tea party with Agatha."
Chilli types up a text message as she talks.
Chilli: "It's just the driving around in circles. I think I'm better when I've got a purpose, like doing things for people."
She sends a message.
Chilli: "You know?"
Bluey: "Okay."
Chilli turns to leave. They're both a bit disappointed.
Bluey: "Ooh! Mum, wait!"
Chilli: "Huh?"
Bluey: "Ask Agatha if she wants a cup of tea."
Chilli: "Oh, okay."
Chilli walks up to the tea party and leans down to address Agatha, a stuffed cat that bears a striking resemblance to Madge.
Chilli: "Do you want a cup of tea, Agatha?"
Bluey: (as Agatha) "Yes, please!"
Chilli: "Here you go."
Chilli pours Agatha a cup of pretend tea.
Bluey: "See if she wants milk."
Chilli: "Would you like some milk, Agatha?"
Bluey: (as Agatha) "No!"
Chilli recoils.
Chilli: "Oh! Goodness."
Bluey: (as Agatha) "That's cow's milk! I want almond milk!"
Chilli: "Oh. Um... I'm sorry, Agatha. We don't have any almond milk."
Bluey: (as Agatha) "Well, go get some!"
Chilli: "Oh, my!"
Bluey: "We'll have to pop to the shops!"
Chilli gasps.
Chilli: "Why don't we drive?!"
Bluey: "Yeah!"
Chilli's phone rings.
Chilli: "Ugh."
She answers the phone.
Chilli: "Madge, I'll ring you back in exactly five minutes, okay? I promise. Goodbye."
She hangs up on Madge, who has just begun talking.
Bluey: (as Agatha) "You better be back with my almond milk in five minutes or, so help me, I'll...uh..."
Chilli: "You'll what."OriginalDisneyBluey: (as Agatha) "Pee on your curtains!"Bluey: (as Agatha) "Scratch your curtains!"
Bluey and Chilli gasp. Chilli runs to sit down on the rug.
Chilli: "Quick, Bluey! Get in the car!"
She pats her lap. Bluey runs over.
Bluey: "Okay!"
Bluey gets in.
Chilli: "I'll set the timer for five minutes.
She starts a timer on her phone. Bluey pantomimes buckling her seat belt.
Bluey: "Seat belt, click!
Chilli points at her feet.
Chilli: "Remember, that one's stop, and that one's—"
Bluey floors the accelerator.
Bluey: "Go!"
Chilli: "Aaah! Vrrrrroooom! Speed bump! Slow down, Bluey!"
Bluey: "There's no time! Vrooom!"
She floors the accelerator again.
Chilli jostles Bluey.
Chilli: "Badum-badump!"
Chilli: "Corner! Turn left!"
Bluey turns the wheel hard. They both lean away from the turn. Chilli imitates squealing tires.
Chilli: "Errrr!"
Bluey: "Aah!"
Bluey giggles.
Chilli: "Turn right!"
Bluey turns the wheel hard. They both lean away from the turn. Chilli imitates squealing tires.
Chilli: "Errrr!"
Bluey: "Aah!"
Bluey giggles.
Chilli: "Up a hiiiill!"
Chilli leans back, lifting Bluey off the ground. Bluey giggles the whole time.
Chilli: "It's getting steeper!"
She rocks back further.
Chilli: "Steeper!"
She rocks back further.
Chilli: "Steeper!"
She lays on her back, legs in the air.
Chilli: "And... down the hill!"
She rolls back into a sitting position.
Chilli: "Oh! It's raining! And it's raining hard!"
Chilli puts her hands over Bluey's eyes.
Chilli: "You can't see!"
Bluey: "Agh! Windscreen wipers on 'all the time'! Boop!"
She presses a button. Chilli waves Bluey's arms back and forth. Bluey giggles.
Chilli: "Bzh! Bzh! Bzh! Bzh! Bzh! Bzh!"
Bluey puts her hands back on the wheel.
Bluey: "I can see!"
Chilli points straight ahead.
Chilli: "There's the shop!"
Bluey: "I'll find the car park!"
Chilli looks at her phone.
Chilli: "You've got three minutes!"
Bluey: "Can I park in the wheelchair spot?"
Chilli: "No!"
Bluey: "Okay!"
Bluey turns the wheel hard to the right.
Chilli: "Vrrroom!"
Bluey: "Aah!"
Chilli spins them around four hundred and fifty degrees. Bluey engages the parking brake.
Bluey: "Park."
Chilli: "Oh, no! The shop's closed!"
Bluey: "We'll see about that! Vroom!"
Bluey floors the accelerator.
Chilli: "Aah! You're going to ram the shop?!"
Bluey: "Yep!"
Chilli: "You can't do that!"
Bluey: "Too late!"
Chilli: "Argh!"
Chilli shields her face with her hands.
Bluey & Chilli: "Boom!"
Chilli and Bluey flop onto their backs. After a moment, Chilli waves Bluey's arms from side to side.
Chilli: "Bzh. Bzh."
Bluey sits up and hops out of the car.
Bluey: "We're in the shop!"
Chilli sits up and points.
Chilli: "Quick! Grab the almond milk!"
Bluey: "Okay."
Bluey runs out on the verandah, and pretends to take something out of a refrigerated case. Chilli leans out the doorway.
Chilli: "And make sure you pay for it."
Bluey: "Okay. I'll just leave the money on the floor.
She pretends to set some money on the floor. Then, she spots something
Bluey: "Ohh! It's the guy who owns the shop! And he doesn't look happy!"
Chilli: "Yeah, 'cause you drove your car into his shop!"OriginalDisneyBluey: "'Cause Agatha's gonna pee on my curtains!"Bluey: "'Cause Agatha's gonna scratch my curtains!"
Chilli: "Agh! He's coming!"
Chilli waves for Bluey to come back into the playroom.
Chilli: "Get in the car. Get in the car!"
Bluey: "Aaargh!"
She runs back into the playroom. Chilli sits down on the kiwi rug."
Chilli: "I think you need to have a chat with Agatha when all this is over."
While Chilli is talking, Bluey hops in and disengages the parking brake. She backs the car out aggressively.
Chilli: "Err-rr!"
Bluey: "Aah!"
Chilli: "Floor it!"
Bluey steps on the accelerator.
Chilli: "Brmmm..."
Bluey leans out the driver's side and looks behind them.
Bluey: "Agh! He's chasing us!"
Chilli: "You have to lose him! You've got one minute 'til Agatha pees on your curtains!"
Bluey: "Aah!"
Chilli: "Put some fast driving music on!"
Bluey: "Good idea! Boop!"
Bluey pushes a button. Chilli starts making electronic music noises. Bluey bounces her head with the beat.
Chilli: "Untz, untz, untz, boom! Untz, untz, untz, boom! Robot nation!"
Bluey: "Quack, quack! Agh! Baby ducks!"
Bluey swerves, and Chilli leans over on one leg.
Chilli: "Errrt"
Bluey: "Agh! We dodged the ducks!"
Chilli: "But you're on two wheels!"
Bluey: "Argh!"
Bluey climbs up on Chilli's raised leg, and, holding on to her arms, leans way over.
Chilli: "Lean over! Lean over!"
Bluey: "Brrm! Brrm!"
Bluey leans out even further, until Chilli finally tips back into a sitting position.
Bluey: "Oof!"
Bluey hops back in Chilli's lap, giggling
Chilli: "Vrrrrr! Vrrrr!"
Bluey leans out to look behind them.
Bluey: "He's still following us!"
Chilli: "Spray some milk on his windscreen!"
Bluey: "But that's for Agatha!"OriginalDisneyChilli: "Oh, man! Is she really gonna pee on your curtains?"Chilli: "Oh, man! Is she really gonna scratch up your curtains?"
Bluey: "Ohhh, she'll do it, alright."
Chilli: "Okay, just leave enough for a cup of tea!"
Bluey: "Okay."
Bluey climbs halfway out the driver's side window and pantomimes spraying milk behind them.
Bluey: "Swshh!"
Chilli: "He's stopping! Good one, Bluey!"
Bluey gets back in her lap.
Bluey: "Hooray!"
Chilli: "Quick! You've got 30 seconds!"
Bluey: "Oh, no, look!"
Bluey points ahead of them.
Chilli: "A traffic jam..."
Bluey: "Don't worry!"
Bluey pulls a lever.
Bluey: "Clonk! Flight mode!"
Chilli's arms spring out straight. She leans gently from side to side. The viewpoint drops, so that the silks on the ceiling can suggest clouds.
Chilli: "Ohh... ho ho! You've had flight mode
this whole time?!"
Bluey: "Yeah. Whoo!" 
Bluey waves to someone below them.
Bluey: "Hello, down there!"
Chilli's phone timer starts to chime.
Bluey: "The alarm! We're out of time!"
Chilli tilts back, then rocks back to a sitting position.
Chilli: "Whoa... and... land! Hurry!"
Bluey grunts and attempts to get up.
Chilli: "Seat belts!"
Bluey: "Agh! Unclip!"
She undoes her seatbelt and gets out. She runs back to the tea party, panting.
Bluey: "Agatha, we're back! We— whoa... no."
Chilli runs up, holding her phone.
Chilli: "What?!"OriginalDisneyBluey: "She peed on my curtains."
Bluey: (as Agatha) "I told you I would."
Chilli's phone rings.
Chilli: "Do you want help cleaning it?Bluey: "She scratched up my curtains.
Bluey: (as Agatha) "I told you I would."
Chilli's phone rings.
Chilli: "Do you want help fixing them up?
Bluey shoos Chilli away.
Bluey: "No, you talk to Madge. That's okay."
Chilli goes to answer her phone, but she looks back and makes eye contact with Bluey. They come together for a hug.
Chilli: "Thanks, Bluey."
Bluey: "Thanks, Mum."
Chilli answers her phone and starts walking away. Bluey walks back to the tea party.
Chilli & Bluey: "Okay, let's sort this out."
The arrangement of the episode music from the chase sequence and flight sequence plays over the end credits. Unlike in the episode, the tune comes to a resolution as the credits end. Instead of Bluey dancing, Chilli's phone rings and slowly vibrates onto the screen.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Dragon | Slide | Cricket