Episode
Gallery
Script
The episode starts in the living room, where Bluey and Bingo are playing Memory. Around them they have set up a city made up of blocks and stuffed animals.
Bingo: "Monkey...Oh, lion. Your turn!"
Bluey turns a card over, only for the game to be interrupted.
Chilli: "Kids! Can you come here, please?"
Bluey: "Aww, do we have to?"
Chilli: "Yes, come on!"
Bluey: "But why do we have to?"
Chilli: "We're deciding what cake to make for Bingo's birthday!"
Bluey and Bingo squeal in excitement, as they both run to the kitchen. In her haste, Bingo accidentally trips over a block. The shot cuts to the kitchen, where Chilli and Bandit are looking over a cookbook.
Chilli: "What do you reckon, Bingo? Rocket ship?"
Bingo: "No thanks."
Chilli: "Princess?"
Bingo: "No thanks!"
Bingo: "Nah. Keep going!"
Chilli turns more pages over, landing on a page with the picture of a swimming pool cake.
Bluey: "Ooh, what about swimming pool?"
Bingo: "No thanks!"
Bandit: "Ooh, jet planes!"
Bingo: "Nah, keep turning!"
Chilli turns the page once again, this time landing on duck cake. This catches Bingo's attention.
Bingo: "Duck Cake!"
Bluey: "Yeah! Duck Cake!"
Chilli and Bandit worriedly look at each other, knowing it will be hard to make.
Chilli: "Oh, Bingo, are you sure? That looks hard to make.."
Bingo: "Yeah, I'm sure!"
Bandit: "Why do you want a duck cake?"
Bingo: "Cause it made my tail wag!"
Chilli: "Can't argue with that! Duck cake it is!"
Chilli closes the book. As she does she puts the book in Bandit's hands.
Chilli: "Good luck."
Bandit: "What? I have to make it?"
Chilli: "I have to take Bingo to mini-hockey!"
Bingo: "Ooh, look! My tail loves mini-hockey too!"
Chilli: "Plus you remember my clown cake?"
They all shudder in fear.
Bandit: "I remember."
Bluey: "He was not a funny clown."
Bandit: "Alright, I'll give it a crack!"
Bluey & Bingo: "Duck Cake!"
TITLE CARD: Duck Cake
Bingo: "This episode of Bluey is called Duck Cake!"
Bingo and Chilli are leaving. Bingo runs to the door first while Chilli hops past blocks in her way. Bluey and Bandit follow, only for Bluey to trip on a block.
Bingo: "Make sure it looks exactly like the picture!"
Bandit: "I'll do my best."
Bluey: "Don't worry Dad, I can help you!"
Chilli: "You can help by clearing this mess up!"
Bluey: "Aww, why do I have to? I only did the zoo hospital! Bingo did the hotel."
Chilli: "Okay, you clean up your half. Bingo will do hers when she gets back. See you soon!"
Bingo: "Mum, how do animals with no tails know when they're happy?"
Chilli: "Good question, Bingo!"
Bingo and Chilli leave, with Bandit left to make the cake and Bluey to clean up.
Bandit: "Okay, let's do this!"
Bandit walks back to the kitchen, only to trip over a block. Bluey giggles, and the shot cuts to the kitchen, with Bandit just now starting on the cake. He reads over the book while hovering a knife above the cake base.
Bandit: "Okay, just cut these pointy bits..."
Bluey: "Hey Dad, can I help you now?"
Bandit: "Did you clean up the zoo hospital?"
Bluey: "No. I wanna help with the cake!"
Bandit: "You can't just help with the fun stuff, kid."
Bluey: "Awww, but the fun stuff's more fun!"
Bandit: "What if I give you stickers to tidy up? That might make it more fun!"
Bluey: "Oooh, stickers!"
Now in the living room, Bluey runs over to the zoo hospital.
Bandit: "Okay, penguins, giraffes, monkey house. I'll give you one gold sticker for each."
Bluey: "Ooh, okay! But I'm not doing Bingo's."
Bandit: "Yeah, yeah, I know. Just your side."
Bandit heads back to the kitchen, and Bluey goes to clean up.
Bandit: "Huh, that was easy."
Bandit sets down the gold sticker sheet, and looks down at the in-progress duck cake.
Bandit: "Ugh, duck cake."
Now back at the living room, Bluey finished cleaning the monkey house.
Bluey: "Dad! I cleaned up the monkey house! Can I have a star now?"
Bandit: "Yeah, yeah, okay. Here you go!"
Bluey: "Thanks!"
Bandit: "Keep going."
Bluey: "Oooh, shiny!"
The shot cuts back to the kitchen. Bandit is still working on the cake.
Bandit: "Okay, Bandit. Time to cut the head..."
Bandit cuts down a little too rough, causing the knife to slice the head in half.
Bandit: "Well, duck heads don't have to be round."
Bluey enters, humming.
Bandit: "You finished yet?"
Bluey: "Yep!"
The shot cuts to the living room, where Bluey happily shows off the 'progress' that had been made. Bandit looks unamused.
Bandit: "This is not finished."
Bluey: "You asked if I was finished. And I am!
Bandit: "But you don't get the rest of the stars until you've done the whole thing!"
Bluey: "Ooh, I decided I only want this one. Look how lovely it is. Plus, it has icing on it!"
Bandit: "Bluey, come on. Tidy the rest!"
Bluey: "But why do I have to?"
Bandit: "Cause it's your mess! You don't tidy it, then who will?"
Bluey: "Uh...you?"
Bandit: "Me!? Oh right, okay, yeah. I'll do it. EVEN though I have to make a duck cake for your sister, the hardest of all cakes, I'll just tidy up YOUR mess instead. I'm about to start!"
Bandit kneels down, trying to persuade Bluey into cleaning her own mess while Bandit is plenty busy with the duck cake.
Bandit: "You sure this is what you want?"
Bluey: "Uh, yeah!"
Bandit: "Gah! Look, I'll give you two dollarbucks to clean the whole zoo."
Bluey: "Really!?" Ooh, I can buy a star pony!"
She reaches for the money Bandit holds out of his wallet, only for him to move it away.
Bandit: "Oop, not until you've done the whole lot!"
Bluey: "But not Bingo's half!"
Bandit: "Nope, not Bingo's half..."
Bluey giggles as Bandit walks away, lightly annoyed by Bluey's excuse to only clean her half in exchange for two dollarbucks. The shot transitions to Bandit working more on the duck cake. A messed up attempt to mix the icing results in it splashing out of the bowl. Bluey is in the living room cleaning up.
Bandit: "Ah, hang on...You're meant to do icing at the end! Ah, it's all good."
Bluey: "Dad!"
Bandit: "Have you finished?"
Bluey: "Not yet. I just wanna know...how many star ponies can I get for two dollarbucks?"
Bandit: "Star Ponies cost 50 dollars, kid!"
Bluey: "So...how many can I get?"
Bandit: "None, mate."
Bluey: "Awww...If I clean up my zoo, will you give me enough for a star pony?"
Bandit: "I'm not paying you 50 bucks to clean up your mess, Bluey!"
Bluey: "Awww, why not?"
Bandit: "Because I shouldn't be paying you anything! You should just do it!"
Bluey: "But why should I do it?"
Bandit: "Cause you just should!"
Bluey: "But why should I just should?"
Bandit: "Ugh, cause I'll let you lick the beater."
Excited, Bluey squeals as she runs back to the living room. She hastily goes to clean up the zoo. Bandit does more work on the duck cake.
Bluey: "Finished!"
Bandit: "Okay, here you go."
Bluey: "At last, you are mine!"
The shot cuts to Bandit and Bluey in the kitchen. Bandit is preparing for the last part, and Bluey is happily licking the icing-laden beater.
Bandit: "Okay, moment of truth. Attaching of the head..."
Bluey: "Now I know why you should do jobs!"
Bandit: "Why's that?"
Bluey: "Icing!"
Bandit: "I believe in you, mate. You can do this..."
He slowly but successfully sticks the head on. He then reaches for the skewers.
Bandit: "That's good...that's very good. Ah, too ea--Awww, DUCK CAKE!"
Bluey: "Ooh, that's not good."
A heavily stressed Bandit slowly falls to sit on the ground, saddened by the loss of the tough-to-make cake he had spent a long time working his way toward completing.
Bluey: "Are you okay, dad?"
Bandit: "Yeah mate...I'm okay."
Bluey: "Don't worry!"
Bluey picks up the paper towels and cleans up the spilled icing and ruined head.
Bluey: "Dad?"
Bandit: "Yeah, mate?"
Bluey: "Maybe we can make the duck's neck into a sort of head!"
Bandit: "Well...okay. Let's give it a go. I'll just clean up the- hey, what? Did you clean this up?"
Bluey: "Oh, um, yeah!"
Bandit: "Thanks, Bluey!"
Bluey's tail wags, only for her to get confused by it.
Bandit: "Okay, let's give this another go!"
Bluey: "Uh, you go ahead, I just wanna try something!"
Bluey runs back to the living room, cleaning up Bingo's half. Then it shows Bandit doing more work on the duck cake, with each getting more and more finished on their work.
Bluey and Bandit: "Finished!"
Just then, Chilli and Bingo enter.
Chilli: "We're back! Bingo, take your hockey boots off outside, please!"
Bingo: "Wow, Bluey! Did you tidy all this?"
Bluey: "Oh, uh, yeah!"
Chilli: "Bingo's half as well?"
Bluey: "Uh huh!"
Chilli: "Thanks, Bluey!"
Bluey's tail wags again. This time she isn't as confused by it, and Chilli's tail wags as well.
Bingo: "Duck cake!"
Bingo runs in, tripping over the box of the tidied up blocks and toys.
Bingo: "Sorry!"
Chilli: "Don't worry, honey. You don't have to clean that up."
Bluey: "Heehee. Okay, mum!"
Bingo runs to the kitchen, where Bandit presents the finished duck cake.
Bandit: "Uhh, here's your duck cake, mate. I...did my best."
Bingo stares at it for a brief moment.
Bingo: "I love it!"
Bandit: "Really!?"
Bingo: "Yeah! Thanks dad!"
Bingo and Bandit's tails wag. Chilli enters.
Chilli: "Did you help make it, Bluey? Bluey?"
The final shot cuts to Bluey cleaning up the toys that Bingo had accidentally knocked over, her tail still wagging.
END CREDITS
The credits music is a joyful and climatic rendition of the episode's main soundtrack.