The episode opens with Chilli emptying their dishwasher and Bandit vibing on the beat he is beatboxing behind the kitchen counter. 
Bandit falls silent though continues vibing as Bluey and Bingo enter the scene with a tablet.
Bluey: Mum, can we do FaceyTalk with Muffin and Socks?
Chilli: Uhh...
Bingo: Please?
Chilli: Yeah, that's fine.
Bluey and Bingo: Oost!
Chilli sets the tablet on the dining table and the pups take a seat.
Meanwhile in the background, Bandit vibes off to the right.
Chilli: But no hogging that little Facey-Face-thing, okay? Bluey, I'm talking to you.
Bluey: Yes, mum. No hogging.
Bandit passes Chilli as he exits to the deck.
Chilli: 'Cause you know what happens when you hog, don't you?
Cut to the point-of-view from Bluey and Bingo looking at the tablet-screen with their reflections shown.
Chilli presses an icon picturing a selfie of Stripe and Trixie: The icon turns into a pulsating picture of an ecstatic white dog operating a red telephone handset accompanied by a ringback tone made of chimes.
Bluey and Bingo: Yes, we know what happens when you hog.
Bluey: ...wait, do we?
The call connects and the view on tablet-screen splits into two selfie-camera-feeds: 
Bluey and Bingo are on the left. While Muffin is on the other end, Stripe laying on his back on a sofa minding his own business with his own phone.
Muffin: (vigorously waving) Hi!
Bluey and Bingo: Hi, Muffin!
Socks pops in from the right.
Socks: Hi!
Muffin: Ah! Socks, stop hogging!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called "FaceyTalk".
Cut back to FaceyTalk which is now filling the whole scene. The kids start to draw as bouncy ambient FaceyTalk-theme-music plays in the background.
Bingo: Can I have a turn doing the drawing yet, Bluey?
Bluey: Um, yes, but can I just finish this?
Bingo: Sure!
Socks: Muffin, is my turn?
Muffin: Not yet.
Socks: Muffin!
Trixie pops in from the right, waving at her nieces.
Trixie: Hi, girls!
Bluey and Bingo: Hi, Aunt Trixie!
Trixie: Muffles, make sure you give Socks a go drawing the silly stuff, okay?
Muffin: But I'm not finished!
Socks: Muffin!
Socks tries to forcefully nuzzle Muffin off the tablet.
Muffin: Socks, get off!
With her head, Muffin pushes back Socks who squeals a little. The tussle continues in a stalemate for a while until Socks uses her right paw to push Muffin's face away.
 In the midst of this, Trixie has stood up and began her dialogue.
Trixie: Girls, I can't do this right now, I have somewhere I need to be.
Muffin let's a long "Nooo!"-shriek while banging her toes on the floor, causing Socks to cower a little.
Stripe puts away his phone and rolls a little to face the scene.
Stripe: Urgh. I can handle it.
Trixie: Uhh, are you sure?
Stripe: Yeah, I got it covered.
Stripe points towards Muffin.
Stripe: Kids, you better share that thing or I'm switching it off!
Bluey, Bingo, Muffin, & Socks: What?!
Stripe: Woah! Okay, maybe not off. But…
Trixie: Look, I'll handle it.
Stripe: No, I can do it. You do your thing.
Trixie: Well, okay...if you're sure...
Trixie leaves the scene. Stripe goes back on his phone.
Stripe: Right, I'm setting a timer on my phone, when it goes off, it's Socks' turn. Okay, Muffy?
Stripe puts his phone on the floor.
Muffin: Beh!
Stripe: I'll take that as a yes.
A cut to a close-up panning shot of a full fruit bowl on the earlier kitchen counter.
Cut back to the earlier dining table scene where Bluey is seen poking the tablet to draw and Bingo is still sitting next to her and observing. In the background Chilli is presumably prepping food items.
Bluey: I'll just draw some clouds...
"The full-screen-view of the FaceyTalk-session fills the scene again.
Bingo: Ooh, nice clouds!
The timer Stripe set earlier on his phone jingles until he turns it off.
Stripe: Okay, Muffy, there’s the timer. It's Socks' turn now.
Stripe while still laying on the sofa lifts his phone from the floor and puts it in his storage space.
Socks: (jumpy) Yay!
Muffin: I have to finish my cowboy hat!
Socks: (deflating) Awwh...
Stripe: No, you don't have to finish your cowboy hat. You have to give Socks a turn.
Muffin: But I want to finish my cowboy hat.
Stripe: Muffy... 
Stripe sits straight up.
Stripe: Muffin Heeler! Give your sister a turn now!
Muffin: (loudly) But I want to dwaw a cowboy hat!
Bingo: Just give her a turn, Muffin!
Muffin: NO!
Stripe stands up.
Stripe: Muffin Cupcake Heeler!
Muffin: Cowboy hat!
Stripe: If you say 'cowboy hat' one more time, you'll be in timeout.
Muffin: Cow. Boy. HAT!
Stripe: Okay, that's it. You're going to timeout.
Stripe walks to Muffin and lifts her up.
Muffin throws a screaming and growling tantrum inducing enough struggle for Stripe to grunt audibly as she is taken away.
The tablet has fallen flat due to Muffin kicking it and is now facing up towards the ceiling fan.
Bluey: Oh, boy!
Bingo: Bye, Muffin.
(offscreen) Stripe: Muffin, stop wriggling!
Socks standees-up the tablet and moves it to face her.
(offscreen) Stripe: There, now you have a good think about it, young lady!
(offscreen) Muffin: No! I don't want to!
As Socks has started to draw on the screen, Stripe pops in from the left.
Stripe: I'm sorry girls, but Muffin was hogging, so she can't do your Facey-Call-thing anymore.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay, Uncle Stripe!
Stripe: She needs to learn that other people have-
A video feed of Muffin standing in front a stairs pops into view from left, pushing Bingo and Bluey being in the middle;
the screen now being split to three equally sized vertical video feeds. 
Stripe: -What the?
Bluey and Bingo: Aah! Muffin!
Stripe stands up, frisking himself.
Stripe: Gah! She's got my phone! Muffin, you get off my phone this instant! Urgh!
Stripe walks off away from Socks to look for Muffin.
Bluey: He's coming, Muffin!
Muffin: Argh!
The music changes to the prelude of Carmen opera.
The layout of video feeds changes: Muffin-feed is now taking the left-half of the screen while Bluey and Bingo share the right-side on top of Socks-feed.
Muffin turns around and starts running up the stairs. Stripe is hot on her tail.
Stripe: Muffin! Running aw-(screen glitches) ay will only make it worse! Daargh-
Stripe trips on the Cat Squad bike in the hallway.
Stripe: -Oorf! My knees... 
Noticing this, Muffin laughs maniacally and escapes the scene.
(fading offscreen) Muffin, (shrieking) COME BACK!
Bluey: Muffin, you can’t steal your dad’s phone!
Muffin: Yes, I can! Now whewe do I hide?
Bingo: Under a bed!
Muffin: Okay!
Bluey: Don’t help her, Bingo!
Bingo: Why not?
Bluey: Because she’s not meant to be running away; she’s meant to be in timeout for hogging. 
Muffin reaches her hiding spot under her own bed and starts drawing her cowboy hat again.
The calmer part of the Carmen-prelude is playing.
Bluey: Hey, that’s my ukulele!
Muffin: You lended it to me!
Bluey: Yeah, but that was ages ago!
Muffin: I’m still playing with it!
Stripe pops into the Socks' video feed and lifts the tablet face himself; Socks continue peeking over his shoulder.
Stripe: Muffin, you hang that phone up now, young lady!
Muffin: No!
Stripe: Okay, well, I’m ending the whole FaceyTalk!
Bluey, Bingo, Muffin, & Socks: No!!!'
Stripe: Whoa, okay, okay! Muffin, this is your last chance: You hang that up and march down here now!
Muffin changes Stripe’s face into of a pink gorilla on the FaceyTalk.
Muffin: Gorilla man! Hahahahaa!
Bingo and Bluey giggle a little.
Stripe: What?
Stripe pats his own face which removes the gorilla-face-filter; the filter is reapplied once he lowers his paw.
Stripe: (flustered) Why you little- Get this thing off me! 
Bingo and Bluey squee-giggle some more. Socks also starts giggling too.
Stripe: Argh! That’s it! 
Stripe pulls his face into the tablet, filling the whole Socks-feed with his now visibly infuriated face, squinting his eyes.
Stripe: Where are you? Oh, okay, you’re under a bed. Can’t see whose.
Stripe moves his face further away from the tablet.
Stripe: Well, there are only so many beds in this house, kid.
Stripe puts the tablet back down on the standee,
Stripe now also has a filter of yellow white-polka-dotted brassiere.
He leaves the scene to return upstairs.
Stripe: I’m comin'!
Bingo: Oh, no!
Bluey: He’s gonna find you, Muffin!
The music resumes back to the more hectic part of Carmen-prelude
Muffin crawls out of her hiding spot and runs towards the entrance of her room.
Bingo: Just give him back his phone.
Muffin is now standing next to her doorway.
Muffin: No! Tell me if he’s out there...
Muffin sticks out the phone to feed view of a dead end of the hallway with an open doorway on the right side.
Bluey: It’s clear, but, Muffin,-
Muffin resumes her runaway towards the previous doorway.
Bluey: -I don’t think I should help you.
Muffin arrives at the doorway and lifts the phones to face her.
Muffin: What about now?..
Muffin sticks the phone into the room which turns out to be the master bedroom where Stripe, without the FacetTalk-filters, is crawling and looking under the bed. 
Bluey and Bingo: Ahh! Not clear! Not clear!
The yelps of pups catch the attention of Stripe. He lifts himself and stands up. The FaceyTalk-filters are applied on him.
Stripe: Aha! 
Bingo: RUN!
Stripe runs to - and grabs Muffin.
Stripe: Gotcha!
After being lifted up by Stripe, Muffin starts shrilling so loud that everyone else seen ends up holding their heads with their paws.
Stripe, Bingo, Bluey: Heearya- Stripe: (tailing)-aaargh!
Muffin continues on shrilling long after having escaped the clutches of her father and running away from him.
Stripe is once again seen with the FaceyTalk-filters applied onto him.
Stripe: D'oooooh!
Cut to the dining table scene. Bandit enters the scene from the deck to watch the FaceyTalk-feed while Bingo and Bluey are still holding their heads due Muffin's shrilling.
Bandit: Good gravy! What’s going on?
The shrilling ends and the pups lower their paws.
Bluey: Uncle Stripe is chasing Muffin!
Bandit: (laughs) Classic Stripe.
Cut back to the full-screen-view of the FaceyTalk-session. Gorilla-Man-Stripe is chasing Muffin down another hallway while she’s shrilling in a much toned down manner.
Stripe: Get back here, Muffin!
Bandit: Run, Muffin!
Bluey: Dad!
Muffin runs into the bathroom...where Trixie is sitting on the toilet reading a magazine she proceeds to cover herself with.
Trixie: (frightened and angered) Ahh! Muffin!
Cut back to the dining table scene where Bingo and Bluey giggle a little and Bandit throws himself back covering his sight.
Bandit: Whoa! Okay, there we go.
Cut back the FaceyTalk full-screen which Bandit rejoins to observe.
Stripe: Hang that thing up!
Stripe catches Muffin once more and the Muffin-feed starts glitching out more frequently as the wrestling ensues.
(offscreen) Trixie: Stripe?!
As Trixie is running to the scene, Muffin switches to rear-camera to film the bathroom-mirror showing the struggle Stripe is having to hold on to Muffin. 
Stripe: Stop wriggling!
Trixie: Muffin, give it up!
Trixie runs into the screen-
Muffin: Aah!
-and the phone falls on the floor with the face-camera switched back on, now facing the ceiling light fixture.
(offscreen) Stripe: (grunting) Stop it, Muffin!
Muffin, having escaped from the clutches of Stripe and now laying on the floor, lifts the phone to face her and begins to draw yet another new cowboy hat. 
The FaceyTalk-theme-tune has resumed.
In the background Trixie and Stripe are facing each other: Trixie is facing away from the camera. And everything above Stripe's snout is cut off.
Trixie: What’s going on?!
Stripe: I’m handling it!
Trixie: It doesn’t look like you’re handling it!
Bandit: Uh, guys...?
Stripe: She escaped from timeout!
Trixie: We don’t do timeout anymore!
Stripe: What? Since when?
Trixie: I read a blog!
Stripe: You didn’t tell me!
Trixie: Cause you’re never here!
Bandit: Hey, uh, guys?
Trixie: Just let me handle it, Stripe.
Trixie turns around and takes a step towards Muffin before stopping.
Stripe: No, Trix, let me handle it. I get to parent too!
Trixie turns back to face Stripe.
Trixie: Yeah, but…you have to do it right.
Stripe: This is how I do it.
Bandit: Guys? 
Cut back to the dining table. Stripe's dialogue here is inaudible while FaceyTalk-theme is also much less audible.
Bandit: Kids, can you switch this off?
Bandit is just about to poke the tablet before Bluey grabs his paw.
Bluey: Ahh! But we’re doing drawing things!
Bandit: Alright, well, can you mute it?
Bluey: Yeah, we can.
Bluey is just about to poke the tablet when-
-Cut back to the full-screen FaceyTalk. Bluey pokes something below the view; there is audible doot-sound but nothing else happens.
Stripe: ...I feel like…you hog all the parenting.
Trixie: Oh…
Bandit: Is it this one?
Bandit bandit pokes the tablet and the background of Muffin changes to a image of the Palace of Westminster.
Trixie: I don’t mean to.
Bluey: No, try this one.
Bluey pokes around the same area and Muffin's background changes to an image of the Eiffel Tower.
Trixie: If you say one thing...
Bandit: Uh, naah, that’s not it.
Trixie: ...and then I say another…
Bandit pokes and Muffin's background is now a starfield.
Bingo: Oh! I know!
Trixie: …the kids get confus-
Bingo pokes at something and the FaceyTalk is now muted.
Cut back to the dining table.
Bandit: You can turn the sound back on once Stripe and Trix have finished chatting. Okay?
Bluey and Bingo: Yes, dad.
Bandit exits to the deck. 
Cut back to the full-screen FaceyTalk.
A somber piano-violin-tune begins playing.
The scene-view slowly zooms into Trixie and Stripe continuing their conversation. Stripe begins to smile and takes Trixie's hand while finishing his phrase. Trixie and Stripe then hug each other and the zoom-in ends alongside the somber-tune.
Cut back to the dining table.
Bluey unmutes FaceyTalk.
Bluey: Uh, Muffin... Better look behind you.
Cut back to the full-screen FaceyTalk.
Stripe and Trixie are standing right behind Muffin.
Muffin: Why?!
Bombastic Carmen-prelude begins to play again.
Muffin takes a peek behind her just as Stripe is about to grab her and the screams of Muffin are to be made to reach the daily noise quota.
Stripe: Haaa!
Muffin's video-feed glitches. Muffin is seen running with an image of the Great Wall of China in the background.
Stripe: -I can't hold her!
Muffin-feed glitches again. She is now crawling with the earlier Palace of Westminster in the background.
Trixie: -Pick her! Muffin!
Muffin-feed glitches yet again accompanied by the Eiffel Tower background.
'Muffin is once again on the scream inducing run.
Bingo: Stop running away, Muffin! (overlayed) Bluey: Stop it!
Muffin-feed glitches and the background changes to a photo of Stripe holding up Trixie.
Then the feed glitches again into the starfield-background. Muffin is audibly panting, unable to scream anymore. Trixie and Stripe are seen chasing behind Muffin unable to close the gap.
Stripe: Muffin, I would urgently advise you to stop right NOW!!!!
Trixie: Listen to your father!
Stripe: Let's split up!
Trixie: Good idea!
Trixie exits the scene to right, while Stripe continues chasing Muffin.
Bluey: Ah! They're working together!
Muffin-feed glitches slightly and changes her background to a close-up group-photo of Stripe, Trixie, and Muffin. 
Stripe: Muffin, get back here!
Muffin: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Muffin-feed point towards her foot-paws as she continues running.
Meanwhile Trixie enters the Socks-feed and goes hiding behind the couch seen in the background.
Muffin-feed glitches.
The camera now points to Muffin's face and background has changed to an image of Stripe in a flashy suit doing a disco-pose.
Muffin: Where are they?
Bingo: Your mum's hiding behind the couch!
Muffin: What couch?!
Bingo: The couch!
Muffin: We've got lots of couches!
Bluey and Bingo deadpan.
The FaceyTalk layout changes once more with Socks-feed now taking right-half of the screen, while Bluey, Bingo and Muffin share the left half.
Bingo: It's that couch right there!
Muffin runs into the Socks-feed towards the couch Trixie is hiding behind of.
Trixie then jumps to catch Muffin.
Trixie: Gotcha!
Trixie misses and falls flat on the floor.
Muffin hops on and over Trixie's head.
Trixie: Muffin!
Stripe arrives to the scene and attempts to snatch Muffin on the fly.
Stripe: Whoa! Aa-
Stripe misses and trips over Trixie.
Stripe: -argh-ha!
Muffin: I'M FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!
Trixie and Stripe stand up looking ever more sternly infuriated.
Stripe and Trixie: Muffin!
Muffin tries to run away towards the balcony, but trips on a squeaky bone toy and tosses the phone high up in the air off the balcony.
Stripe: NO! My phone!
Muffin, Trixie, Stripe, Bluey, and Bingo - the latter two clasping each others' hands - watch as the phone flies high up into the air...and then falls into the swimming pool and sinks to the bottom.
Bluey: Oh boy...
Muffin: Sowwy, dad...
Stripe: ...Muffin?..
Muffin: ...Yes?..
Stripe and Trixie: (in unison) Timeout.
Muffin: ...Okay...
Muffin sadly walks away from the scene as Stripe's phone turns off. The FaceyTalk-session layout changes again where vertical Bluey-Bingo-screen and Socks-feed share the space equally.
The FaceyTalk-tune starts playing again as Socks finishes her drawing and shakes her tail a little.
Socks: Finished.
Bluey: Oh, wow, that's great, Socks!
Socks: Thanks.
Bingo: Can I have a turn now, Bluey?
Bluey: Oh, yeah, sure.
BIngo turns their tablet more towards herself.
Bingo: Thanks.
Bluey: No problem, because we know what happens when you hog!
Still facing away in the background of Socks-feed, Trixie places her left paw on now more melancholic Stripe's right paw as they both continue leaning towards the balcony wall.
 "Carmen Suite No. 1" plays in the end credits while flowers from the FaceyTalk are drawn in it.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology