Episode
Gallery
Script
The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler residence at evening. At the dinner table, Bandit is about to eat his steak with a fork.
Bandit: Whoo, Tbone! 
Chilli: Hang on. 
Bandit: Huh? Oh.
Bluey: You ready? 
Bluey & Bingo: 🎵 For the golden corn and the apples on the trees, for the golden butter and the honey from the bees, for fruits and nuts and berries, they grow beside the way, we praise our loving Mother Earth and thank her everyday. Hooray! 🎵
Bandit: Well, that's new. 
Bingo: We learned it at Kindy. 
Chilli: The honey bit's my favorite.
Bluey: Ooh! Can we play What Was Your Favourite Thing Today?
Chilli: Okay.
Bluey & Bingo: Hooray!
TITLE CARD - Favourite Thing
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called "Favourite Thing".
Scene cuts back to the family table.
Chilli: You go first, Bluey.
Bluey: Well, my favourite thing was at morning tea.
A brief flashback shows Bluey and Bingo eating vegetables for morning tea near the garden steps. Bingo is struggling to pick up a cherry tomato with her fork.
Bluey: Bingo was trying to eat cherry tomatoes with her fork.
Bingo: Ah, this is trifficult.
Scene cuts back to everyone laughing at the table except Bingo, feeling confused and hurt.
Bluey: She said "trifficult"! It was so funny.
Bandit: Oh, Bingo. You must've been trying to say "tricky" and "difficult" at the same time.
Both Bandit and Bluey chuckle with glee. Closeup on Bingo looking down, feeling hurt and upset. Chilli notices Bingo and tries to reassure her.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo, honey. It's okay, it's funny.
Bingo: No, it isn't. 
Bluey: Bingo! What did I say wrong?
Chilli: Nothing, honey. Just eat your dinner. 
Bluey: I didn't mean to upset her.
Bandit: I know. I think she's just embarrassed she said the word wrong.
Bluey: It was funny.
Bandit: Well, yeah. But I guess she thought you were laughing at her.
Bluey: But I wasn't!
Bandit: I know. Look, she'll be 'right. Just eat your dinner.
Chilli and Bingo return to their seats at the table. Bluey tries to console a gloomy Bingo next to her.
Bluey: I'm sorry, Bingo. I didn't mean to embarrass you. 
Bingo: That's okay...
Bluey: Are you still upset with me?
Bingo: No...
Bluey: Ohh, you are!
Chilli: Come on, let's keep playing the Favourite Things game. Whose turn is it?
Bluey: Um, actually, I think I was wrong with what my favourite thing was.
Bandit: Ah, okay. What's your new one?
Bluey: Well, it wasn't at morning tea, it was at afternoon tea.
Bandit & Chilli: Oh, no...
A brief flashback shows Bluey and Bingo eating sausages on the balcony. Bandit is sorting the barbecue and Chilli offers alfalfa leaves to her daughters.
Chilli: Look, kids, all I ask is that you eat some alfalfa. It'll stop you getting sick.
Bluey: Okay, dude.
Chilli: And stop calling me dude.
Bluey: Sorry, dude.
Bandit: Bluey, can it.
Bluey: Sure thing, dude! 
Bandit: Bluey, I'm serious!
Bluey: What's up with these dudes?
Bingo is laughing joyfully. Scene cuts back to Bluey laughing at the table. Bingo smiles briefly before frowning again.
Bandit: That was a fun three hours.
Bluey: Bingo, do you want to have your turn now?
Bingo shakes her head, declining Bluey's plea. Chilli sets down her utensils for a turn.
Chilli: Well, I'll have a turn.
Bluey: Wait, Mum! 
Bandit: Argh! 
Bluey: Can you make sure that your favourite thing is something where Bingo does something really funny in it?
Chilli: Okay, sweetheart. 
Bandit: Argh!
Bluey: Proceed.
Chilli: Well, my favourite thing happened at lunchtime.
A brief flashback shows the Heelers having lunch at an outdoor restaurant. Bingo places her paws together and turns to Chilli.
Bingo: Mum?
Chilli: Yes?
Bingo: Open the lid.
Chilli: Okay. 
Bingo: Stick your finger in. 
Chilli: Oh-ho.
Bingo: Now wiggle it 'round.
Chilli: Err, okay. 
Bingo: Take it out. Now close the lid. Thank you for cleaning my toilet.
Chilli: What?!! Blecch! Yuck!
Scene cuts back to Bandit and Bluey laughing at the dinner table. Bingo is smiling for a moment.
Chilli: That was disgusting.
Bluey: Good one, Bingo. Are you ready for your turn now? Hmmph!
Bandit: Well, I'll tell you my least favourite thing today. Bingo, remember this one?
A brief flashback shows Bingo entering the toilet room and sees Bandit on a step ladder, replacing a light bulb.
Bandit: I was changing a light bulb.
Bingo: Daddy?
Bandit: Yeah, mate? 
Bingo: What's your name?
Bandit: Dad.
Bingo: And what is this? 
Bandit: Nose. 
Bingo: And what am I holding?
Bandit: Uhh... nothing! 
Bingo: "Dad knows nothing."
Bandit: Aw, what?!
Bingo is laughing joyfully. Scene cuts back to Bluey, Bingo and Chilli laughing at Bandit at the table. He rolls over his eyes away and crosses his arms.
Chilli: Oh, you poor dad.