Episode
Gallery
Script
Work in Progress
 This section is presently being edited by users, so some work is missing. You can help by editing this section.
We open on the Heeler household.
Veranda
Bluey and Chilli are wrapping up a Chutney Chimp gift, while Bingo is playing with red cellophane.
Bingo Heeler: Cellophane! Ooh, everything's red.
Bluey Heeler: I chose Chutney Chimp wrapping paper 'cause Chloe's birthday party is a Chutney Chimp party.
Chilli Heeler: Nice one. Present done, now go get ready!
Bluey and Bingo: Yay!
Bluey runs off, trailed by her sister, as...
Chilli: Oh, uh - Bingo, not you.
Bingo frowns.
Chilli: I'm sorry, honey, but you're not invited to Chloe's party, remember? Only Bluey is.
Bingo: You mean... I miss out?
Chilli: I'm afraid so, honey.
Enter Bluey from right.
Bluey: It's 'cause Chloe's turning seven, and she's only inviting seven people.
Bingo: Aww...
Cue a set of singing. In comes Bandit.
Chilli: You'll stay here with Dad, okay honey?
Bingo: Aww, okay...
Chilli: That's the girl. Dad, can you make us breakfast while we get ready?
Bandit Heeler: Si. Don't worry, Bingo, we'll make our own fun.
Bandit sings again as the others, sans Bingo, follow him out of the veranda. Now downcast, along with the music, Bingo leans sadly against the couch.
Bingo: Why is it always me that misses out?
Somber pause. Cue an off-screen bird squawk that brings a loose feather into the scene. Bingo curiously watches it fall to the ground...
Bingo: Ooh!
She goes under the table and picks it up, holding it like a wand. She then picks up the tape on the table and puts it on the ground, pointing the feather at it...
Bingo: Sticky tape... heavy!
She then tries to pick it up; indeed it now weighs, like, a thousand tons. Bingo giggles, then realizes what her dad meant earlier...
Bingo: Featherwand!
Title Card - "Featherwand", the titular object floats down from screen top.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called "Featherwand"!
Cupboard
Bandit scours the cupboard for Bluey's breakfast.
Bandit: Bluey, do you want cereal? ... Yeah you want cereal.
He exits into the...
Kitchen
...and as he walks in...
Bingo: Cereal, heavy!
Bandit: Huh?
Bingo: I said "cereal, heavy!"
The cereal box begins to weigh itself down, flinging the spoon he was holding off his hand. Bandit struggles to pick up the box.
Bandit: What's going on?!
Cue further attempts to take the box off the ground.
Bandit: This is some... heavy... cereal! Must have a lot of... fiber!
Bingo giggles as Bandti lets go of the box.
Bandit: Oh, forget this...
He instead scoops the cereal with his hand into the bowl-
Bingo: Heavy.
And there it goes. Now the bowl is heavy too, throwing Bandit to the ground. For further effect, as she goes...
Bingo: Heavy.
Now the spoon is heavy.
Bandit: What's going on...?
Bathroom
Bluey sings a little ditty as Bingo slots herself inside the room and into the tub. Bluey notices the sound, but doesn't notice...
Bingo: Heavy. 
That her toothbrush may now have some weights strapped to it. Indeed, Bluey, picking it up, instead finds the toothbrush on the ground with a LOT of weight on it. Bluey yelps...
Bluey: Uh, that's weird! Oof, it's heavy!