The episode opens with Chilli and Bandit eacy carrying a long cardboard box onto the back porch. A variety of other boxes are already stacked on the porch and in the playroom. Bingo and Bluey follow them to the back porch.
Bandit: "That's the last time I step foot in that place again."
Chilli: "Oh, no, I could live there."
Bluey: "Can we play with the boxes?"
Chilli gives the kids a thumbs-up.
Chilli: "Yep."
Bluey, Bingo: "Hooray!"
Bandit: "Okay, let's make this thing."
Chilli and Bandit each pull out an L-shaped hex key. They tap their keys together as though making a toast.
TITLE CARD - Flat Pack
Bluey: "This episode of Bluey is called: Flat Pack."
Cut to a close up of Bandit ripping the corner off a box. The camera pulls back. Bandit has a marker tucked behind where a human's ear would be. Chilli is kneeling, about to open a box with a box cutter.
Chilli: "Careful."
Bandit: "I'm being careful."
Chilli rolls her eyes, then carefully slices open her box. Bandit pulls a sheet of bubble wrap out of the hole in his box.
Bluey: "Oh, can we play with that?"
Bandit: "Knock yourself out."
Bandit hands Bluey the bubble wrap. Bluey and Bingo run out into the back yard, squealing and giggling. Bluey lays the bubble wrap out flat beneath the poinciana tree.
Bluey: "Ooh, pretend this is water."
Bingo: "Yeah, and we're fish."
They flop down on their bellies on the bubble wrap. They make bubbling noises with their mouths.
Bluey, Bingo: "Bop, bop, bop!"
They giggle.
Bluey: "Pretend I'm the mama fish and you're my baby fish."
Bingo: "Okay."
They slowly crawl acros the bubble wrap, making more bubbling sounds.
Bluey, Bingo: "Bop, bop, bop, bop!"
Back on the deck, Bandit groans as he wiggles a cut-open box out from underneath a stack of lumber.
Chilli: "The cartoon dog says to put some cardboard down underneath first."
Cut to a close up of the directions. Chilli points at a diagram, showing a proud cartoon dog standing next to a piece of lumber laying on a flattened box. It's marked with a check mark.
Bandit: "I'm not taking advice from a cartoon dog."
Bandit throws the cardboard into the back yard.
Bluey, Bingo: "Bop, bop, bop, bop!"
The cardboard lands right next to the bubble wrap "water."
Bluey: "Ooh, pretend this is land."
Bingo: "Yeah, and pretend we're frogs."
Bluey: "Yeah, frogdogs."
Bingo giggles.
Bingo: "Frogdogs."
Bluey crouches, and then jumps onto the cardboard.
Bluey: "Ribbit!"
Bluey: "But keep pretending you're still my baby frogdog."
Bingo: "No, pretend that I've grown into a toddler frogdog."
Bluey: "Ooh, okay."
Bingo crawls onto the cardboard land, and crouches down in imitation of a frog.
Bingo: "Ribbit, ribbit."
Bluey: "Ribbiiit!"
On the back deck, Bandit is using a hex key to fasten two piece of lumber together. Chilli consults the directions.
Chilli: "Isn't the shiny bit meant to face up?"
Bandit: "Ah, I don't think it matters."
Chilli: "Uh, I think it does."
Chilli tosses a pair of cardboard tubes over her shoulder, into the back yard.
Bluey, Bingo: "Ribbit, ribbit."
The cardboard tubes land in front of Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey: "Ooh, pretend these are our tails!"
Bluey slides the carboard tube over her real tail.
Bingo: "Yeah, we can be lizards."
Bingo does the same.
Bluey: "Lizards do this:"
Bluey crawls on all fours. She sticks her tongue out.
Bluey: "Yallup. Yallup, yallup."
Bingo: "Pretend there's flies."
She sticks her own tongue out.
Bingo: "Blublublubl."
Bluey: "Yeah, and I teach you how to catch them 'cause I'm the mummy lizard."
Bluey sticks out her tongue as though catching flies.
Bluey: "Lup, lup."
Bingo imitates her.
Bingo: "Yellup, yellup."
On the porch, Bandit and Chilli are picking up a panel assembled from wooden slats. Chilli is struggling with her end.
Bandit: "Have you got it? Have you got it?"
Chilli: "Yep. Oh."
Chilli drops her end. One of the wooden rails pops out of place.
Chilli: "Sorry!"
Bandit: "Oh, babe, I thought you had it."
Chilli: (annoyed) "I said sorry."
Bandit: "Oh, you cracked it."
Chilli: "Well, this is why the cartoon dog says to put cardboard down."
Bandit: "Oh, righto."
Bandit sets his end of the panel down. They both look a bit annoyed with each other."
Cut back to Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey: "Yallup."
Bingo: "Yellup."
Bluey: "Yallup yup"
Bandit walks down the back steps and grabs the cardboard.
Bandit: (muttering) "Of course it's my fault."
He pulls the cardboard out from underneath Bluey and Bingo. They shriek, and jump back onto the bubble wrap "water."
Bluey: "Quick, Bingo, lizards can't swim!"
Bingo: "Should we pretend we're fish again?"
Bluey: "No, we've done that."
Back on the porch, Bandit is holding up the panel while Chilli positions the cardboard underneath it.
Bandit: "Okay, okay, slide it in."
Chilli scoots backwards with the cardboard. She kicks a sheet of flexible cardboard packing off the porch.
Chilli: "Get out of the way, cardboard."
The cardboard lands in the yard, forming a cone right next to the "water."
Bluey: "Ooh, pretend this is a volcano."
Bluey and Bingo step onto the edge of the cardboard.
Bingo: "And can we be dinosaurs?"
They take off the cardboard tubes.
Bluey: "Yeah, T-rexes. I'm your mummy T-rex."
The girls assume a hunched posture, making claws with their hands and snarling.
Bluey: "Rarr!"
Bingo: "Rrarrr!"
They both giggle.
Back on the porch, Bandit and Chilli hold the wooden panel upright. Bandit steadies the out-of-place beam with his hand, while Chilli winds up to hit it with a claw hammer.
Chilli: "Right, I'll just give this a whack."
Bandit: "Watch out for my—"
Chilli swings the hammer, hitting his thumb.
Bandit: "Ow!"
Bandit stumbles backwards, down the steps. He falls over backwards, crushing the "volcano."
Bandit: "Oof!"
Bluey and Bingo jump back onto the bubble wrap "water."
Bingo: "Eep!"
Bandit: "I'm okay."
Bluey: "Oh, quick, Bingo, fly away!"
Bingo: "Yeah, pretend we're birds."
Bluey and Bingo run in circles on the bubble wrap, flapping their arms and squawking.
Bluey: "Kraww! Kraww!"
Bingo: "Pretend I'm not a toddler anymore, I'm a big girl."
Bluey: "Okay."
They climb up onto the bench at the base of the poinciana tree, and run around it, squawking.
Bluey, Bingo: "Kraww! Kraww! Kraww!"
Back on the porch, Chilli looks guilty.
Chilli: "Sorry, sweetie."
Bandit walks up the steps, rubbing his thumb.
Bandit: "That's okay. Let's try again."
Bandit pushes a plastic bag of styrofoam beads off the porch. One again, he holds the wooden panel in place.
Back in the yard, the bag of styrofoam lands on the flattened volcano. Bluey and Bingo are still running around the tree, flapping their arms.
Bluey, Bingo: "Kraw, kraw!"
They notice the styrofoam and stop.
Bluey: "Ooh, look."
They climb down off the bench.
Bingo: "We can be furry little animals that live in the snow."
The crawl backwards under the bag of styrofoam.
Bingo: "Eemoop."
Bluey: "Eemoop."
Bluey: "Yoomop."
Bluey puts an arm around Bingo's shoulder in a one-armed hug.
Bingo: "Eemup."
Up on the porch, Chilli swings her hammer. She knocks the beam back into place.
Bandit: "Got it."
Chilli: "Yeah! Nailed it."
Bandit: "Nice one."
They carry the wooden panel off to the side of the porch, where a wooden A-frame leans against the side of the house.
Chilli: "Alright, put this thing here."
She spots the A-frame, right where she wants to put the panel.
Chilli: "Ugh. Honey, can you move this thing until we need it?"
They set down the panel.
Bandit: "Yes, boss."
Down in the yard, Bluey and Bingo are still under the styrofoam. Bandit carries the A-frame down the stairs and sets it against the poinciana.
Bingo, Bluey: "Eemup. Eemup."
Bluey: "Oooh."
They run to the base of the A-frame.
Bluey: "Let's pretend we're monkeys!"
They climb up the A-frame and hang from the top beam.
Bluey: "Eeh eeh eeh eeh!"
Bingo: "Ooh ooh ooh ooh!"
Back at the porch, Chilli is reading the instructions. Bandit climbs the steps.
Chilli: "Actually, we need that thing back now."
Bandit groands and turns around.
Bandit: "Ughh."
In the yard, Bluey and Bingo are still hanging from the A-frame.
Bluey, Bingo: "Eeh eeh eeh!"
Bandit shoos them away.
Bandit: "Shoo. Shoo. Go on, get out."
Bluey and Bingo climb down. Bandit picks up the A-frame and carries it back to the porch.
Bluey: "Ohhh..." 
Bingo: "My arms are tired."
Bluey: "Me too. Let's pretend we can walk."
Bingo: "Yeah, we've cave dogs, and I'm your cave teenager."
CurrentOriginal
Bingo: "Ooh ooh ooh."
Bluey: "Ooh ooh ooh."
Bingo: "Ooga-booga."
Bluey: "Ooga-booga."
Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: (offscreen) "Why're there so many boxes?!"
A large, square box lands in the yard, on its side.
Bluey, Bingo: "Aah!"
Bluey: "That can be our cave!"
Bingo: "Yeah!"
The camera cuts to a close up of a globe of agapanthus flowers. Motes of dust drift through a sunbeam in front of it.
The camera cuts to Bandit. He uses a hex driver to attach a pair of metal rods to the A-frame. The hex driver slips out of his grip. He grabs for it as it falls, but misses. He looks resigned.
The camera cuts back to the yard. Bingo, carrying Bandit's marker, walks along the two cardboard tubes, which now form a "bridge" across the "water". She crosses into the cardboard box "cave," where Bluey is already waiting. "
CurrentOriginal
Bingo: "Ooh ooh ooh."
Bluey: "Ah ah ooh ooh."
Bingo holds out the marker.
Bingo: "Ooh ooh-ooh-ooh."
Bluey: (impressed) "Oooooh ooh-ooh-ooh."
The camera cuts to a close-up of Bingo uncapping the marker.
Bluey: "Uwauh! Uff uff uff uff!"
Bingo: "Ooh, ooh."
Bluey: Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh."
Bingo holds out the marker.
Bingo: "Ooh-ooh-ooh."
Bluey: (impressed) "Ooooga-booga."
The camera cuts to a close-up of Bingo uncapping the marker.
Bluey: "Oooooga ogabagah!"
They both giggle.
Back on the porch, Bandit measures the bottom of the A-frame with a measuring tape. He reaches to the side of his head to get his marker, but it's gone.
Bandit: "Where's the pen gone?"
Chilli is reading the directions.
Chilli: "Uh-oh."
Bandit: "What?"
Chilli: "The shiny bit was supposed to face up."
Bandit: "Ah, biscuits!"
Back in the cave, Bluey finishes a series of drawings on the wall of the "cave," as Bingo watches.
Bluey points at a drawing of two fish.
CurrentOriginalBluey: "Ooh-ooh ooh ooh-ooh."
Bluey: (seriously) "Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh-ooh."
She points to a drawing of two frogs.
Bluey: "Ooh-ooh. Ooh-ooh."
The camera pans to a drawing of two lizards.
Bluey: "Ooh-ooh. Yellup, yellup."
The camera pans to a drawing of two dinosaurs.
Bluey: "Ooh-ooh-oooh."
Bluey makes clawing gestures with her hands.
Bluey: (roaring) "Rawr ooh-ooh-ooh."
She pantomimes throwing down a large object.
Bluey: "Ooh BOOM!"
Bingo: (impressed) "Oooooh."
Bluey: "Ooga! Tweet-tweet tweet."
The camera cuts to a drawing of two birds.
Bluey: "Rak rak rak. Raaaak"
The camera pans to a drawing of two mice in falling snow.
Bluey: "Eep-eep-eemoop."
The camera pans to a drawing of two monkeys in a tree.
Bluey: "Ah-ah-ooh-ooh-ooh."
The cmaera pans to a drawing of two dogs in a cave, one holding a marker.
Bluey: "Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh-ooh."
Bluey points to Bingo and then herself.
Bluey: "Ooh-ooh, ooh ooh-ooh-ooh."
Bingo points to the wall of drawings.
Bingo: "Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh?"
The camera cuts to a drawing of two larger dogs, at the top of a ziggurat (or a set of stairs) atop a cloud. They look angry, and are surrounded by lighting, and they seem to be throwing down trees and a volcano.
Bluey: "Ooh."
She points to the right dog.
Bluey: "Ooh-ooh."
She points to the left dog.
Bluey: "Ah-ooh."
She stands on the left side of the "cave," waving her arms up and down.
Bluey: (low pitched) "Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh."
Bingo giggles.
Bluey jumps to the right side of the cave, and waves her finger scoldingly.
Bluey: (high pitched) "Ah-ah-ah ooh-ah-ooh."
She jumps to the left, as Bingo continues to giggle.
Bluey: (low pitched) "Ooh ooh. Ooh ah ooh ooh."
She jumps back to the right.
Bluey: (high pitched, smugly) "Ooh ooh ooooh."Bluey: "Ooga-booga."
Bluey: (seriously) "Ooga-booga-a-booga."
She points to a drawing of two frogs.
Bluey: "A-booga-booga-boo."
The camera pans to a drawing of two lizards.
Bluey: "Yellup-a-booga."
The camera pans to a drawing of two dinosaurs.
Bluey: "Ooga-booga."
Bluey makes clawing gestures with her hands.
Bluey: (roaring) "Ooga-booga."
She pantomimes throwing down a large object.
Bluey: "Ooh-booga!"
Bingo: (impressed) "Ooga-booga."
Bluey: "Ooga! Tweet-tweet tweet."
The camera cuts to a drawing of two birds.
Bluey: "Tweet-a-booga, tweet-a-booga."
The camera pans to a drawing of two mice in falling snow.
Bluey: "Eep-eep-eemoop."
The camera pans to a drawing of two monkeys in a tree.
Bluey: "Ah-ah-ooh-ooh-ooh."
The camera pans to a drawing of two dogs in a cave, one holding a marker.
Bluey: "Ooh Ooga-booga."
Bluey points to Bingo and then herself.
Bluey: "Ooga-ooga-booga."
Bingo points to the wall of drawings.
Bingo: "Ooga-ooga?"
The camera cuts to a drawing of two larger dogs, at the top of a ziggurat (or a set of stairs) atop a cloud. They look angry, and are surrounded by lighting, and they seem to be throwing down trees and a volcano.
Bluey: "Ooh."
She points to the right dog.
Bluey: "Ooga."
She points to the left dog.
Bluey: "Booga."
She stands on the left side of the "cave," waving her arms up and down.
Bluey: (low pitched) "Ooga-ooga-ooga."
Bingo giggles.
Bluey jumps to the right side of the cave, and waves her finger scoldingly.
Bluey: (high pitched) "Booga-booga-booga."
She jumps to the left, as Bingo continues to giggle.
Bluey: (low pitched) "Ooga-booga-booga."
She jumps back to the right.
Bluey: (high pitched, smugly) "Boogah."
Back at the porch, Chilli attempts to assemble something that's out of frame.
Chilli: (frustrated) "Oh, this thing."
She looks behind her, and sees Bluey and Bingo playing in the "cave."
Bluey: "Ohh, look at them."
Bandit walks up and puts his arm around her shoulder.
Bandit: "Yeah, little tackers."
Chilli: (tenderly) "We made them."
Bluey continues aping Bandit in the background.
CurrentOriginalBluey: (low pitched) "Ooh ooh eeh. Aah aah aah."Bluey: (low pitched) "Ooga-booga-booga. Ooga-ooga."
Chilli turns to Bandit.
Chilli: "Let's try and do this without all the argy-bargy."
Bandit: "Good idea."
He rips the instructions in half, and hands one half to Chilli.
Bandit: "You make a start on the chair bit, and I'll finish the frame."
Chilli: "Yeah. Pretend we're good at this sort of stuff."
The music takes on the cadence of a march, as Chilli and Bandit make progress on their project in a montage. Chilli peels packing tape off a box. Bandit uses a hex key to secure two pieces of lumber with a quarter-turn fastener. Chilli attempts to insert a dowel into a hole. Bandit attaches the last piece of the frame with his hex key. Chilli gets the dowel into place. She uses it to slot the last piece of lumber into place, completing the bench. As the music slows sweetly, Bandit attempts to tighten the bolt holding two metal rods to the frame, but his hex-key isn't aligned right. Chilli puts her hand over his, and straightens the key, which slides into place. They look at each other and smile.
Bluey and Bingo pretend to sleep in the cave. A thud awakens them. Bandit has just set down a box of full of discarded styrofoam packing inserts. Bluey and Bingo run across the cardboard tube "bridge" to stand before it.
Bluey, Bingo: "Oooh."
Bluey: "Bingo, look!"
She picks a hex key up and holds it aloft. The camera cuts to a close up of Bluey's hand holding the hex key.
Bingo: "It's one of those."
Bluey: "Pretend we're builders."
Bingo whips out a hex key of her own.
Bingo: "Yeah!"
Cut to a shot of the foliage of the poinciana tree. Orangey late-afternoon sunlight shines through gaps in the foliage. A single petal drifts down.
Cut back to Bluey. She's wearing a hat made of of styrofoam inserts, and they have put together a "city" made out of more styrofoam. She pretends to use the hex key to assemble one of her constructions.
Bluey: "Build, build, build, build."
Bluey stands up and turns around. Bingo, wearing her own styrofoam hat, is working on her own construction.
Bluey: "Teenager, the library is finished."
Bingo: "Wonderful, Mama, but I'm not a teenager anymore, I'm all grown up."
Bluey: "Oh, okay."
Bluey picks up a cardboard tube and leans on it as a cane. She hunches over and holds her back with her free hand.
Bingo: "Look, Mum, I built a spaceship to go and explore space."
Bluey: "Oh, you're always such a clever thing."
Bluey and Bingo hug.
Bingo: "Bye, Mum. Thanks for looking after me."
Bluey rubs Bingo's back.
Bluey: "That's okay, honey."
Bingo climbs into her spaceship, pulls it up around her waist, and then runs out into the yard, warbling. Bluey waves good-bye.
Bingo: "Brrrrrrrrrow!"
Bluey: "Be safe."
Bingo: (offscreen) "Brrrrrrrrrow!"
Bluey takes off her hat and sits down. The sun glints off the styrofoam city behind her.
Bluey: "Now what do I do?"
Chilli: (offscreen) "Psst, hey."
The camera cuts to another angle. Chilli and Bandit are visible through a styrofoam arch, sitting on their completed porch swing on the deck. Chilli pats the seat between them.
Chilli: "Up here."
As the music swells again, Bluey walks through her styrofoam city, across a styrofoam bridge over the bubble wrap, across the flattened volcano and past the snow. She climbs to the porch.
Cut to a sun-drenched close-up of Bluey taking Chilli's hand to help her onto the swing.
Bluey sits down between Chilli and Bandit, as Bandit starts the swing moving. They watch Bingo run across the yard.
Bandit: "Ah, this is heaven."
Bingo: "Brrrrrrrrrow!"
The episode theme plays over the credits as Bluey dances. It progresses from a peppy tune with woodwind, brass, and drums, to bittersweet but content strings.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology