Episode
Gallery
Script
(Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo are riding in the car while Bluey and Bingo are eating.)
Chilli: Make sure you eat your pumpkin seeds, Bluey. I want you to grow up big and strong.
Bluey: Aw! I don't want to grow up big and strong.
Chilli: Too bad.
Bluey: Shouldn't it be up to me?
Chilli: If it was up to you, would you eat them?
Bluey: No.
Chilli: Then no, it shouldn't be up to you.
Bluey: Aw! 
Bingo: When we get to Grandad's, can he take us in his canoe?
Chilli: No, honey. Grandad's just had a heartworm, the doctor says he needs to rest. 
(Chilli stops to see Mort trying to remove a stump.)
Bluey & Bingo: Grandad!
Chilli: Dad! What are you doing?!
Mort: Oh! Quick, run kids!
(Bluey and Bingo get out of the car and starting running with Mort.)
Chilli: You're meant to be resting!
(Chilli gets out of the car.)
(Title sequence)
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called "Grandad".
(Title sequence ends)
Bingo: Aren't you meant to be resting Grandad?
Mort: Ah, there's nothing wrong with me. 
Chilli: You get in bed now!
Mort: You'll have to catch me first!
Bluey & Bingo: Yeah, you have to catch us first!
(Mort stops and turns on the sprinkler, spraying Chilli and slowing her down.)
Mort, Bluey & Bingo: (Laughs)
Mort: We got a head push, kids!
(Mort and the kids run into the forest.)
Chilli: (offscreen) Get back here!
Bluey : Oh no, she's following us.
Mort:: Quick, hide!
(Chilli runs into the forest.)
Chilli: Where are those cheeky dogs? 
(Mort and the kids are hiding under some tree roots.)
Chilli: (Shouting) No one know this grog better than me!
Mort: Oh that's true. This is where she grew up. 
Chilli: I will find you!
Bluey: Grandad, I've got a plan.
(Bluey whispers in Mort's ear.)
Mort: I didn't hear any of that.
(Bluey rolls her eyes and throws a rock to distract Chilli.)
Chilli: Oh, they're over here. 
(Chilli runs away.)
Bluey: She's gone. 
Mort: Nice work Bluey. 
Bluey: Where should we go?
Bingo: To the canoes!
Mort: Oh good idea, Bingo. Come on, we'll follow the creek.
(Mort and the kids go down a steep slope.)
Bluey: Come on, Grandad.
(Bluey and Bingo easily go down while Mort struggles.)
Mort: Just guarding our way from a sneak attack. I'll show you a trick I learned in the jungle. 
(Mort covers his face in mud from the creek.)
Mort: She can't find what she can't see. 
Bluey & Bingo: (Laughs) Good idea, Grandad!
(Bluey and Bingo cover their faces in mud. They all continue running with Mort running slower and panting.)
Bluey: Are you sure you're okay, Grandad?
Mort: Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Bingo: Is it much longer until the canoes? I'm hungry. 
Bluey: Yeah, me too. Do you have any food?
Mort: Do I have food? Follow me. 
(Mort and the kids leave as Chilli comes. She notices how there is dirt floating in the creek.)
(Mort is uncovering a hidden backpack.)
Bluey: Grandad, why did you bury a backpack?
Mort: In case you need some food!
Bluey & Bingo: Hooray!
(As runs, she notices some blue and red fur on a tree root. She continues running.)
(Mort is struggling to open a bag of nuts.)
Bluey: Do you want me to do it, Grandad?
Mort: Okay, my thumbs flare up a bit these days. 
Bluey: Is that why Mum wants you to rest? So your thumbs get better?
Mort: Yeah, probably.
Bingo: Then why don't you?
Mort: Well, it should be up to me. They're my thumbs.
Bluey: Yes, it should.
(Mort pulls out a bag of pumpkin seeds.)
Mort: Here, Bluey. Have some pumpkin seeds. 
Bluey: No thanks.
Mort: You gotta eat your pumpkin seeds, kid. They'll make you big and strong. 
Bluey: That's what Mum said. 
Mort: Well your Mum's right. 
Bluey: But, shouldn't it be up to me? 
(Mort frowns)
Bingo: I'll eat my pumpkin seeds. I want to be big and strong so I can paddle the canoe. 
Chilli: Ha! There you are!
Mort, Bluey & Bingo: Ah!
Mort: She's found us! Run kids!
(Mort puts the food in the bad and runs off with Bluey and Bingo.)
Chilli: You're not meant to be running around!
Mort: The canoe's down this way!
(They come to 2 separate paths and stop.)
Mort: Oh now hang on.
Bluey: Come on, Grandad, she's coming!
Mort: Oh I can't remember. We'll just go this way.
(They go down the path and to the fishing shack. Maynard is fishing while Mort looks out for Chilli.)
Maynard: Hey, what's going on?
Bluey: Hi, Maynard. 
Maynard: Hey kids!
Mort: Maynard! You've got to hide us!
Maynard: Is it the aliens? 
Mort: No, it's Chilli.
Bluey: Grandad doesn't want to do want Mum tells him to. 
Maynard: Oh, why don't you just do what you're told? 
Mort: Don't you start. Just hide us!
Maynard: Okay come on, quickly. Go in the back.
(Maynard opens the door to the fishing shack, letting Mort and the kids in.)
Bingo: Have you got Grandad's canoe, Maynard?
Chilli: (offscreen) Here I come!
Bluey: (offscreen) Bingo, come on!
(Chilli runs up to the fishing shack.)
Maynard: Oh, Chilli. Fancy seeing you here. 
Chilli: Can it, Maynard. Where are they?
Maynard: Um, where's who?
Chilli: You know who!
Maynard: Um...did you get a haircut? 
Mort: Come on, Maynard. Keep it together. 
(Bluey and Bingo giggle.)
Chilli: He has to accept that he's getting older and needs to look after himself. 
Maynard: Well if he was here, he'd just say "shouldn't it be up to me?"
Chilli: No it shouldn't! I'm his daughter! He should take care of himself for me because...I still need him.
(Mort hears this and thinks about what Chilli said.)
--- Work in progress ---