The episode opens in the Heelers’ playroom. Bingo is laying on her stomach on the kiwi rug, drawing a picture in green crayon. Bluey is holding up a small purple and blue ball. She throws it against the ground.
Bluey: Bounce!
The ball ricochets against the floor and then the ceiling. Bluey lets out a squeal and laughs as the ball bounces away.
Bluey: Hey Bingo, do you wanna play a game?
Bingo: Yeah.
Bluey: What should we play?
Bingo: How about we play the game where, um, uh… No, not that one, um, um, um…
Bluey slowly looks impatient.
Bluey: Let’s play hairdressers!
Bingo: Okay.
TITLE CARD - A purple clamp of pink hair chalk, and the episode title.
Bluey : This episode of Bluey is called Hairdressers.
The scene shifts to the bathroom connecting off of Bandit and Chilli’s room. Bingo is sweeping the floor while Bluey stands on a stool behind Chilli. Chilli has a green towel pinned around her. Various barrettes are fastened to her fur and a green claw clip is clamped on her left ear. Bluey pulls a purple clamp along Chilli’s right ear to apply pink hair chalk.
Bluey: So, you been up to much?
Chilli: Oh yeah, I’ve been-
Bluey: Oh that’s very interesting. Now, would you like both ears pink or one pink and one green? 
Bingo: Bluey, can we do one, um, pink and the other, um, how about we uh…
Bluey: (continues applying hair chalk) I think we’ll do the pink.
Bingo: Aww.
Bluey finishes applying the chalk and wraps Chilli’s ear in blue and white striped paper.
Chilli: Bluey, you can’t keep talking over Bingo.
Bluey: But she takes so long to say her ideas.
Chilli: She’s having trouble finding her voice today. We have to help her.
Bluey: Oh. Have I found my voice?
Chilli: Yes, you have. (rolls her eyes) Now, you have to find your ears. 
Bluey giggles and grabs her ears.
Bluey: Here they are!
Chilli: Bluey.
Bandit enters from the right.
Bandit: Hello, ladies.
Bluey: Ooh, another customer.
Bluey gets down from her stool and approaches Bandit. Bingo rushes over as well.
Bingo: Welcome to the hairdressers. Do you have a… um… um…
Bluey: An appointment?
Bingo: Yes, that thing.
Bandit: Well, of course. The name’s Burt. Burt Handsome.
Bingo: Ah yes, please um…
Bluey: Take a seat.
Bingo: Yes, what she said.
As Bingo leads “Burt Handsome” to another seat to the left of Chilli, Bluey whispers to Chilli.
Bluey: (whisper) See, I’m helping.
Bandit: (leans in towards Chilli) Hello there.
Chilli: Uh, hello.
The girls wrap a purple towel around Bandit as Bluey stands on a stool behind him. Chilli grabs a magazine from the sink counter and starts reading through it.
Bluey: Now what can we do for you today, Burt?
Bandit: Well, just make me look more handsome, if that’s even possible.
Bluey: (giggles) Okay.
Bluey makes a “scissors” shape with her fingers.
Bluey: Snip, snip, snip. So please, tell me what you been up to.
Bandit: Oh well, I just bought a new house because I have so much money and my last house was too small to fit in all the trophies I’ve won for being so handsome. And I also…
Bluey: Wait a minute.
Bingo: What is it?
Bluey jolts away from inspecting Bandit’s head.
Bluey: Ah! A nit!
Bandit: Huh?
Bluey: You’ve got nits!
Bandit: What?
Bluey: He’s got nits!
Bingo runs out of the room.
Bingo: Ah! Nits!
Bluey: Get down!
Bluey tackles Chilli to the ground.
Cut back to the title card. The original title is scribbled over in black marker and “Nits” is written under it crudely.
Bluey : This episode of Bluey is now called Nits.
Cut back to the bathroom- Bluey and Bingo are now cowering outside and watching Bandit fearfully.
Bandit: Are you sure it’s not just dandruff?
Bluey: Don’t move!
Bandit flinches upright.
Bingo: Bluey, maybe we could um, um, um… 
Bandit: I don’t actually have a big house.
Bingo: Um, um…
Bluey: Come on, Bingo, this is an emergency!
Bandit: I live with my mum!
Bingo: We could…
Bingo points to the shower.
Bluey: Oh yeah, the shower.
The scene cuts to Bandit shut in the shower stall.
Bandit: So now what do I do?
Bluey: Turn on the tap!
Bandit: Um, okay. I’ll do it nice and warm.
Bingo: Uh no, um, it has to be um, um…
Bluey: It has to be a cold shower!
Bingo: Yes!
Bandit: What?
Bluey: Nits hate cold showers.
Bingo giggles.
Bandit: But, but…
Bluey: Do it.
Bandit: Ah well, I guess you’re the experts.
Bandit turns the handle on the shower to dispense cold water. He yelps out because of the cold as the girls giggle at him. He tries to play along and laughs hesitantly, before turning the tap back off.
Bandit: Whew! Okay, kids, that’s it for the nits.
As Bandit opens the shower door, the girls run back in. Bluey is holding a rubber hammer and Bingo is holding a fly swatter. They start to whack him with their items.
Bluey: Get the stragglers!
As Bandit cries out in pain, Bingo stops swatting to point out different locations for Bluey to target.
Bingo: There’s one. There’s another!
Bluey pauses as Bandit falls to his side.
Bluey: They’re all over his butt!
She hits Bandit again.
Bingo: He’s got butt nits!
Bluey: Aah! What are we gonna do, Bingo?
Bingo: Let’s get the um…
Bingo makes a bird beak gesture with her hand.
Bluey: Oh yeah!
The scene cuts to Bandit and Chilli’s room where Chilli is waiting on a bench, still reading a magazine. Bluey runs in and grabs a bird sculpture from the top of the dresser.
Bluey: Nit bird! Be right with you, madam!
Bluey runs back to the bathroom. Meanwhile, Bingo is following Bandit, who is trying to escape while crawling on all fours, and swatting his rear with her fly swatter.
Bingo: Butt nit! 
Bluey returns, holding up the bird sculpture triumphantly.
Bluey: Nit bird!
Bluey makes the nit bird “peck” at Bandit.
Bluey: Nit, nit, nit!
Bluey makes a cawing sound.
Bluey: Nit, nit, nit, nit, nit.
Bluey makes more bird sounds as Bandit groans.
Bluey: It’s no use, Bingo. Get the cricket bat.
Bingo: Okay.
Bandit: What?
Bingo runs out of the room.
Chilli: Where are you going?
Bingo opens her mouth preemptively to speak.
Bluey: (calling out from off-screen) She’s getting the cricket bat!
Bingo nods and runs out into the hallway.
The scene cuts back to Bluey continuing to “peck” Bandit as Chilli enters.
Bluey: Nit, nit, nit!
Chilli: Bluey.
Bluey: Yeah?
Chilli: I’m so happy you’re not talking over Bingo…
Bluey: Yeah, I’m helping her find her voice.
Chilli: I know, but if you talk for her, she won’t find it either.
Bluey: Oh, so what should I do?
Chilli: You have to find your ears!
Bluey: They’re on my head!
Chilli: Bluey…
Bluey: Okay.
Bingo runs back in.
Bingo: I couldn’t find the cricket bat.
Bandit: It’s okay. I think the nits have all gone.
Bingo: Aw.
Chilli: There definitely wasn’t one or two left for Bingo?
Bandit: I don’t think so.
Bluey: Are you sure you’re not still a little bit itchy?
Bandit: Oh well…
Bandit pauses, looking at Bingo dragging her feet dejectedly. He starts to squirm and scratch himself.
Bandit: Ah! So itchy!
Bluey: He’s still got nits!
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Hooray!
Chilli: What should we do, Bingo?
Bingo: Um, um, um… Bluey, you say it.
Bluey gets down from on top of Bandit.
Bluey: Okay, why don’t we… (hesitates) Hang on, no! 
She approaches Bingo and grabs her ears.
Bluey: You keep going, Bingo.
Chilli smiles.
Bingo: Um, okay, I want to um, tie Dad upside down from the tree and throw water balloons at him (makes throwing motions) and then cover him in nit powder, (makes a dunking motion) which is flour, and then rake him with the rake! (makes clawing motions before raising her arms excitedly)
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Yeah!
Bandit: What?!
Bluey: (hugs Bingo) You found your voice!
Chilli: And you found your ears! (ruffles the top of Bluey’s head)
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Hooray!
Bandit: Hooray?
The scene cuts to outside in the backyard. Bandit is hanging upside down by his feet on the swing tied on the poinciana tree, the support rope twisted to the very top. Bluey and Bingo, each with a water balloon in hand, are standing on the bench under the tree. More water balloons are at their feet and two flour bags are on the ground nearby.
Bandit: Gee Bingo, when you find your voice, you sure find your voice.
Bingo raises her water balloon, backed by a dramatic green background.
Bingo: Nit bomb! Go!
Bluey and Bingo throw their water balloons at Bandit, both balloons bursting into a splash of water. Bingo readies a bag of flour backed by a purple background.
Bingo: Nit powder! Release!
She tosses out a large cloud of flour, covering Bandit and causing him to cough.
Bluey and Bingo each get their own diagonal cut of the screen as they hold up plastic rakes. Bluey’s is purple and Bingo’s is red. The background behind Bluey is a peach-ish orange, while Bingo’s is purple.
Bingo: Get the stragglers!
Bluey and Bingo scratch at Bandit, still covered in flour, with their rakes. They laugh for a bit, Bandit sounding pained. Bluey starts to smack Bandit with her rake, Bingo joining it for one hit before Bandit falls off the swing and onto his back.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Back in the bathroom, Bluey is sweeping the floor while Bingo is holding out a wooden block to Bandit, still covered in flour.
Bingo: Just one thousand dollar bucks, please. Tap here.
Bandit taps a playing card to the block.
Bandit: Doot.
Bandit turns around and leaves, wordlessly.
Bingo: See you again soon.
Bandit enters the connecting bedroom, trailing flour behind him. Chilli is still reading her magazine.
Bandit: Hello.
Chilli: (jolts up) Oh!
Bluey and Bingo run into the room.
Bandit: I don’t have any nits. Would you like to have a cup of tea with me?
Chilli: Well, how could I resist that offer?
Chilli closes the magazine and gets up from her seat, offering a hand to Bandit.
Chilli: Shall we?
Bandit takes Chilli’s hand and the two walk off to the right. Bluey turns to Bingo.
Bluey: What should we play now?
Bingo: Ooh, I’ve got an idea.
Bluey: Ooh, okay, I’m listening.
During the end credits, Chilli is sitting on the bench, reading through her magazine. Her legs are crossed and she is swinging her foot absentmindedly.