Foreword: Most of the characters in this episode are engaged in repetitive, looping animations that overlap and sometimes interact. The first instance will be described fully -- afterwards, please assume the loop continues until mentioned otherwise.
The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler House. It's decorated with balloons and streamers. In the kitchen, Bingo is attempting to do a handstand. She makes three attempts, but can't get her center of gravity far enough forward to balance. The music is synthesized and sounds like a chiptune; it starts slow and plodding, and gets faster and more complex as more animation loops are added.
Bingo: Handstands are hard.
TITLE CARD - Handstand
The title card shows some scattered blocks, and a small block tower. A pull-back car rolls in from the right and knocks down the tower.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Handstand.
Cut back to the kitchen. Bingo is between the breakfast bar and fridge, still trying to do handstands.
Bingo (grunts) Ugh.
Loop 1: Lucky and Rusty's Football
A foam (American) football with a tailfin sails through the open window with a whistle.
Lucky and Rusty: (offscreen) Yeah, woo!
It bounces off the door of the fridge and falls to the floor. A moment later, Rusty vaults through the window, grabs the football, and runs out the door to the balcony.
Bingo stands up for a moment, winds up, and makes a bigger effort at the next handstand.
Bingo (grunts) Ugh, (sighs) ah.
Bingo tries again.
Bingo: Almost. (grunts) Ugh.
Loop 2: Missy's Car
A pull-back car rolls in from screen right. It rolls to a stop in the center of the room. After a moment, Missy runs in after it. She pulls it back, and it rolls out of the frame to screen right. She runs out of frame following it.
Bandit enters the kitchen. He walks to the fridge. He opens the fridge and takes out a silver bowl. Bandit turns on the stove.
Loop 3: Bandit Cooks the Pikelets
Bandit pours dollops of batter from the bowl into a frying pan. He grabs a spatula, and after a moment, turns the pikelets over. He dumps the pikelets onto a plate, and takes the plate over to the counter. He grabs an empty plate from the breakfast bar.
Bingo tries again.
Bingo (grunts) Ugh. Almost!
Loop 4: Bluey and Mackenzie's Race
Bluey and Mackenzie run in from the balcony door. Bluey takes a sharp right turn and runs downscreen, exiting into the dining room. Mackenzie skids to a stop.
Mackenzie: Hey!
Mackenzie backtracks and runs offscreen after Bluey.
A few seconds later, they run back in from the dining room, take a right turn, and run screen right and exit into the TV room..
A few seconds later, they run from the TV room back across the kitchen and out onto the balcony. Mackenzie laughs.
Bingo keeps trying.
Bingo: Ah! Oh, this hurts your hands.
Bingo tries twice more. She stops and rubs her arms.
Bingo: Ooh, my arms are tired. I'll just rest a little bit.
Bingo rocks back and forth as she watches Chilli's first loop.
Loop 5: Chilli Serves the Pikelets
Chilli enters from screen left with an empty plate. She pushes the step-stool with her foot - downscreen, then screen left, so it's out of the way. She sets down the empty plate. She takes a jar of jam, and puts a spoonful on each pikelet. She takes a jar of whipped cream and puts a spoonful on each pikelet. She picks up the plate of pikelets and exits screen left.
Bingo: Are you ready, arms?
She takes a power pose.
Bingo: Yeah, you're ready. Let's try again. Hands down and push.
She tries again.
Bingo: Almost. Maybe if I... um, put my hands down first. Now push up.
Loop 6: Buddy Sneaks Whipped Cream
Buddy enters from the balcony. He presses his back against the counter, hiding from the adults. He looks around, then pushes the step-stool back screen right and upscreen, so it's at the end of the counter again. He climbs up and grabs the whipped cream jar - and sticks his hand in it. His hand now covered in whipped cream, he runs back offscreen to the balcony.
Bingo: No, that doesn't work. Oh, what if I take a run up.
Loop 7: Honey and Snickers' Water Fight
Honey and Snickers run in. Honey jumps up and grabs an empty balloon off the counter. She takes it to the sink and fills it. Snickers, carrying a water gun, runs in behind her and fills the water gun. They both run back out to the balcony.
Bingo runs to the fridge, and attempts a handstand with a running start.
Bingo: (grunts) Rgh, ugh. Ugh, no that doesn't work. Try again, Bingo.
Loop 8: Chloe and Indy's Dominos
Indy enters from downscreen, walking backwards on her knees. She sets up a line of dominos; leaving a gap bridged by a longer beam. This leaves a space for the wind-up car to pass through. When she sets up the last domino, she nods and stands up.
Indy: Ok, I'm ready!
Starting from offscreen, the dominos fall.
Indy: Hooray!
Indy gets down on her knees, and shuffles downscreen, scooping the dominos into a box as she goes.
Bingo: Come on, hands. Come on, arms.
Loop 9: Trixie's Balloon
Trixie's enters from the balcony. She sits on a stool at the counter, and grabs a balloon. She blows it up. Trixie's loop has three variations:
She loses her grip. The balloon flies across the kitchen, turns, and lands on the balcony. She hops down and exits to retrieve it.
She loses her grip. The balloon flies across the kitchen and lands by the fridge. She hops down and brings it back to her stool.
The balloon pops. She picks up a fresh one.
This time, the balloon lands on the balcony.
Bingo successfully does a handstand.
Bingo: I'm doing it! I'm doing a handstand. Is anyone seeing me? (grunts) Ech.
Bingo dismounts.
Bingo: Did anyone see my handstand?
Winton enters from the balcony, carrying an armload of building blocks.
Bingo: Winton, did you see it?
Winton drops his load of blocks in the middle of the floor.
Winton: No, sorry, Bingo.
Loop 10: Coco's Baby
Coco enters from the TV room, carrying a baby doll. She walks to the balcony door, turns around, and walks back. She imitates a baby crying as she tries to soothe the doll.
Bingo: Coco, did you see it?
Coco: No, Bingo.
Loop 11: Winton's Block Tower
Winton builds a tower out of building blocks. When he's halfway done, Missy's pull-back car rolls in and knocks it down. HE stomps his foot and storms out to the patio.
Bingo: Aunt Trixie, did you see it?
Trixie picks up the balloon and walks back to the stool.
Trixie: Oh, no, sorry sweetheart.
Bingo: Buddy, did you see it?
Buddy: No.
Bingo: Aw. 
Bingo goes over to Bandit.
Bingo: Hey, Dad, can you watch me do a handstand?
Bandit: Yeah, mate, go for it.
Bandit splits his attention between Bingo and the pikelets. Bingo starts trying to do a handstand again.
Loop 12: Stripe's Pies
Stripe enters from the balcony with a plate of party pies. He puts them in the microwave. The microwave beeps, and he leans against the counter to watch the chaos. The microwave beeps, and he takes the plate of pies out to the balcony.
Bluey: Keep watching, I can do it.
Bandit: I'm watching.
Bingo tries again.
Bandit: Oops, burning my pikelets.
Bandit transfers the pikelets to the plate. Then he returns his attention to his cooking. Meanwhile, Bingo successfully does a handstand.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bingo dismounts.
Bingo: Did you see me?
Bandit; Oh, sorry Bingo. Just gotta do these pikelets for your mum.
Bingo: (sadly) Okay. 
Missy's loop brings her right next to Bingo.
Bingo: Hey, Missy, watch me do a handstand.
Missy releases the car, and gives her a thumbs up.
Missy: Okay, Bingo. Whoa, I have to get my car, Bingo.
Missy turns and leave to retrieve the car. Bingo does a handstand.
Bingo: Did you see--Oh.
Bluey and Mackenzie run past.
Bingo: Bluey, watch this.
Bluey: (fading into the distance) Sorry, Bingo, I'm racing.
Chilli enters.
Bingo: Mum, can you watch me do a handstand?
Chilli: Okay, sweetie.
Chilli splits her attention between the pikelets and Bingo. Bingo tries to do a handstand.
Bingo: Just--Just hang on.
Chilli: I'm watching.
Bingo: Keep watching, I can do it.
Chilli takes her eyes off Bingo to set down the jam and pick up the whipped cream.
Chilli: Oh, good one, honey.
Bingo: No, no, I haven't done it yet.
Chilli: Oh, okay, I'm watching.
Bingo: Oh, almost.
Chilli: I'll just put these pikelets out, honey.
Chilli exits to the balcony.
Bingo does a handstand.
Bingo: Did you see me? Aw. 
The music changes to a sad music box.
Bingo: No one wants to watch my handstand.
The scene changes to show the balcony. The house is decorated with streamers, flags, and balloons. The table has a festive tablecloth, and has a variety of party foods on it - fairy bread, vienna sausages, potato chips, party pies, and a tiered tray for pikelets.
Bingo sulks in the kitchen. She slowly walks into the dining room and out of view.
From the new perspective, we can see new parts of the loops. The chiptune music has started back up.
Loop 1: Lucky and Rusty's Football
Rusty runs out of the kitchen with the football. He hands it to Lucky.
Lucky: Good shot, Rusty!
Lucky holds the football for a kick. Rusty exits the show downscreen, then runs back in a moment later and kicks the football into the kitchen. He climbs over the coffee table and couch, then vaults through the kitchen window. Lucky waits for him.
Loop 5: Chilli Serves the Pikelets
Chilli sets the plate down on the table, and transfers the pikelets to the tiered serving tray one at a time. When she's done, she licks her fingers, picks up the plate, and walks back inside. The tray fills up as the loop continues, as nobody takes any pikelets.
Loop 6: Buddy Sneaks Whipped Cream
Buddy leans against the wall just outside the kitchen door. He licks whipped cream off his hand; when he runs out, he runs back inside for another handful.
Loop 7: Honey and Snickers' Water Fight
As Snickers finishes filling the water gun, Honey hides beside the kitchen door, tail wagging. He runs past her, and she nails him in the back with her water balloon.
Honey: (grunts) Ugh!
Snickers: I'll get you!
Snickers shoots her in the chest, then aims lower and "makes her dance." He runs out of water, and they both run inside for refills.
Loop 9: Trixie's Balloon
Trixie shoves a cooler to the left and stands on it to tie a balloon to the bunting over the kitchen door
Loop 11: Winton's Block Tower
Winton sulks on the couch. Eventually he cheers up, climbs down, and goes back inside to try the tower again.
Loop 12: Stripe's Pies
As Stripe sets the party pies down on the table, he takes one and sniffs it. He shoves a cooler to screen right and sits down on it, against the wall of the house and takes a nibble.
Stripe: Ugh, they're still frozen.
He puts the pie back on the plate, and takes the plate back inside to microwave again.
Chloe and Indy can be seen rummaging in the box of dominos, but do not set them up.
Chris enters the shot from screen right.
Chris: (singing) La di de, da di doo
Chris: Oh, goodness, I'm in the way a bit here.
She takes a few steps forward to get out of the way of the water fight.
Chris: (to Honey and Snickers) Do you want me to fill some water balloons up?
They don't respond, running inside for another refill.
Chris: Oh, they're off. (to nobody in particular) I'm good at filling water balloons up.
Stripe sets his pies down.
Chris: How are the party pies, Stripey? Can I give you a hand with them?
Stripe: Nah, I'm all good, thanks, Mum. I'm just taking them out of the microwave.
Chris: Oh, okay.
Chris notices Lucky and Rusty
Chris: Oh, what are you two doing? Kickin' a goal, are you?
Rusty kicks the football through the window.
Rusty: Yeah, I got it!
Chris: Whoo, bullseye! Want me to go get that for you?
Lucky: No, we're okay. Thanks, Nana Heeler.
Chris: No probs.
Chris sits down on the couch. Winton sits down a moment later.
Chris: Are you okay, little fella?
Winton: (sadly) Yes.
Chris: Anything I can help with?
Winton: (sadly) No.
Chris: Oh, okay.
Chris gets up.
Chris: Oh, Chilli, let me give you a hand with those.
Chilli: Don't be silly, Nana, you sit down and relax.
Stripe nibbles on a pie.
Stripe: Ugh.
Chris: Stripey, are you sure you don't need a hand with your pies.
Stripe: Nah. Take it easy, Mum, you sit down.
Chris: Oh, okay.
Chris walks over to the window.
Chris: (to Bandit): Do you need a hand with those pikelets, sweetheart?
Bandit: Nah, I'm good, thanks, Mum. You relax.
Chloe and Indy start setting up the dominos again. Bluey and Mackenzie run out onto the balcony, crossing a chalk line.
Chris: Oh, you win, Mackenzie.
Mackenzie: Woo! I win!
Bluey: You want to race again?
Mackenzie: Yeah.!
Chris: Do you need me to start the race for you?
Bluey: No thanks, Nana. Ready set go!
Bluey and Mackenzie run back inside.
Chris: Oh, okay.
Chris: Here, Trix, let me give you a hand.
Trixie: Oh, don't be silly, Chris. You sit down and relax.
Chris: Oh, I don't think Nanas are very good at relaxing. Maybe someone needs me in here.
Chris walks into the house.
The scene changes to the dining room. No loops are visible from this angle, and the music has changed to a soft music box tune. Chloe is sitting on her knees at the end of the line of dominos. Bingo walks up.
Bingo: Chloe, can you watch me do my handstand?
Chloe: Okay, Bingo.
Bingo: But please, watch the whole thing, okay?
Chloe: I will.
Missy: (offscreen) Okay, go Chloe.
Chloe turns to address Missy. Bingo does her handstand.
Chloe: Okay!
Chloe knocks down the dominos.
Chloe and Missy: Yeah!
Missy: (offscreen) Let's do it again!
Chloe gives Missy a thumbs-up. Bingo dismounts her handstand.
Bingo: Did you see me?
Chloe: Oh, no, sorry Bingo, I was doing the dominos.
Bingo slumps, dejected. The music slows down like the music box is running out of energy."
Bingo: (sadly) That's okay.
She wipes her nose with the back of her hand. The shot pulls back; Chris was behind her.
Chris: I saw you, Bingo!
The music changes to an upbeat strummed guitar track.
Bingo smiles, tail wagging.
Bingo: You saw my handstand? For real life?
Chris: I did, it was great!
Chris rubs Bingo's head.
Chris: What a clever girl!
Bingo: Can you watch me again?
Chris: Oh, you bet I will.
Chris takes a seat on a dining room chair.
Bingo: Thanks, Nana!
Bingo attempts a handstand.
Bingo: (groans) Ugh.
Chris: Oh, oh! Almost, almost!
The scene changes back to the kitchen, where the loops are still in progress. The guitar track continues, now with wordless vocals.
Bandit turns off the stove. Chilli puts the jam and whipped cream back in the fridge. She takes out the duck cake. As the door closes, the foam football sails in, and lands in the fridge. Chilli exits to the balcony. Bandit takes the skillet to the sink and does the dishes.
Rusty vaults the window and runs in - but can't find the football.
Rusty: Huh? Where did it go?
He walks forwards a few steps, and stops to watch Winton build his tower. His foot stops the pull-back car.
Bandit: Hey, Stripe, you've got the microwave on defrost, mate.
Bandit pushes a button on the microwave.
Bandit: Here, on cook.
Stripe: Oh, man. Thanks mate.
Rusty pulls the car back and sends it into the TV room. Missy doesn't follow - they both gather around Winton.
Winton finishes his tower.
Buddy climbs the step-stool - but the whipped cream is gone. He looks disappointed for a moment, then climbs down.
Snickers, Honey, Mackenzie, and Bluey notice the tower as they run by. They stop to look.
Indy and Coco enter - they stop what they're doing to look at the tower as well.
Buddy pushes the step-stool back where it belongs.
Mackenzie: Oh, good one, Winton!
Missy: Nice one!
Rusty: Nice job, Winton!
Indy: Good tower, Winton!
Winton: Thanks, guys, it took me a long time.
Chloe enters, leaving the dominos standing. Coco sets her doll down on the step-stool.
Coco: (whispering) Sleep now.
Chilli walks in from the balcony.
Chilli: Everyone outside! The cake's ready!
The children cheer and run outside.
Stripe: Agh, that'll do.
Stripe opens the microwave. He and Bandit walk towards the balcony together. The pies are steaming.
Bandit: How are they?
Stripe takes a bite.
Stripe: Ooh! Agh! Hot hot hot!
Stripe shakes his fingers.
The shot changes, showing Nana and Bingo in the foreground, with the rest gathered around the cake on the balcony in the background.
Bingo is still trying to do handstands.
Bingo: Ah!
Chris: Oh, oh. Almost.
Stripe sets down the pies.
Chilli: (in the background) All right -- Happy Birthday, Bingo! Oh, wait, where's Bingo?
Bingo successfully does a handstand.
Chris: Oh, oh, oh, you got it! You got it!
Chilli: (in the background) Bingo? Bingo?
Chris: Yaaay!
Chilli: (in the background) Bingo? Has anyone seen Bingo?
The guitar and vocal music continue through the end credits, with the addition of rhythmic clapping.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology