The episode opens with Bandit and Stripe sitting in a gift shop, while their kids are getting themselves entertained with the merchandise. Muffin picks up a dinosaur toy.
Muffin: Oooh, dinosaur! Its mouth opens and shuts (imitating dinosaur roar) Raaaah! (giggles)
Bingo gets slightly startled and looks at Muffin, away from the book she's reading. Later in the background we can hear Muffin playing with said toy.
 Bluey: Dad, can I have one of these? (presents a toy that can make an imprint of one's face which she immediately tests out)
Bandit: Only if you pay for it yourself.
Bluey: But I haven't got any money.
Bandit: Well, then you can't have it.
Bluey: But, I want it.
Bandit: Well, that's commonly called "bad luck".
Bluey: Aww, that's not fair!
Bandit: It's pretty fair.
A clipping sound can be heard, and Muffin screaming, surprising everyone.
Muffin: Get it off! (she has the toy dinosaur stuck on her ear and swings it around desperately) Dad, get it off!
Stripe: Woah! (runs off to Muffin)
The scene cuts to a view of the Brisbane River, then cuts to the Heelers on the riverside footpath, where an ice cream stand has been set up.
Bingo: (looking at the stand) Ice cream!
The kids run to the stand.
Ice Cream Lady: (Looking at Bluey and Bingo) Hi kids!
Bluey and Bingo: (trying to get their dad's attention) Dad, look, ice cream!
Bandit: (ignoring their request) Keep walking.
Bluey: Aww, can't we have an ice cream?
Bandit: Nope, no-one's having ice cream.
Bluey: (running to her dad with her sister following) Why not?
Bandit: 'Cause you've had one yesterday, kid. It's too much sugar.
Bingo throws a minor tantrum, yells and curls herself on the ground.
Bluey: Aww, no fair!
Bandit: It's fairly fair!
Bluey: Well, why does Muffin have an ice cream?
Bandit: Muffin's not getting an ice cream.
Muffin: I got an ice cream! (runs to her cousins with the ice cream which she later licks)
Bluey: (to her dad) See!?
Bandit: Ugh! (to Stripe) Thanks, mate.
Stripe: Look, kids. Muffin gets an ice cream because she got a dinosaur stuck on her head.
Muffin: (to her cousins) It was a velociraptor.
Bluey: (to Muffin) Aww, no fair!
Muffin: It's totally fair!
Bandit: (compromising) Maybe Muffin will give a lick of hers?
Stripe: (to Bandit) Yeah, that's not gonna happen, mate.
Bluey: (pleadingly) Can I have a lick, please, Muffin?
Muffin snarls at Bluey, then continues licking her ice cream.
Bluey: (pointing at Muffin) Daaad!?
Bandit: Okay, okay. You can have an ice cream.
Bluey and Bingo: Yay! Ice cream!
TITLE CARD: ICE CREAM
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called, "Ice Cream".
END TITLE CARD
Bluey and Bingo look at the ice cream available.
Bluey: Look! They got mango!
Bingo: This is the happiest day even in my life!
Stripe just finishes picking off something off his arm
Stripe: Uh, our ferry's here Muffin! See ya later, girls!
Muffin: Bye Bluey, bye Bingo!
Bandit: Hey kids, Uncle Stripe and Muffin are saying goodbye!
Bluey: (focused on the ice cream flavours) Oh, bye, Muffin, bye... Uncle Strawberry.
Bandit rolls his eyes.
Bandit: (to Stripe) See ya, mate.
Stripe: (to Muffin) Now you have to finish that before we get on the ferry, Muffy.
Muffin finishes the entire ice cream with its cone in one bite.
Bandit: (to his kids) Right, do you know what you want?
Bingo: Yes. (to the ice cream lady) I'd like mango, please.
Bandit: Okay. (to the Ice Cream Lady) One mango, please.
Bingo: An extra big size!
Bandit: Extra small size, thanks.
Bingo: Aww, no fair!
Bandit: (to Bingo) Highly fair. Bluey, what about you?
Bluey: Hm, I can't decide. I want either mango like Bingo, or strawberry. Can I have two flavours?
Bandit: No.
Bluey: Aw, no fair.
Bandit: Very fair.
Bluey: Okay, I'll get strawbery, please. In a cone. (looks at Bingo licking her ice cream) I can always have a lick of Bingo's.
Ice Cream Lady: $6, please.
Bluey: (to the Ice Cream Lady) Thank you. (to Bandit) What flavour are you getting, Dad?
Bandit: I'm not getting one. Gotta stay in shape.
Ice Cream Lady: (she charges Bandit on the card terminal) It's just coming up.
The card terminal takes a while before it can accept Bandit's card.
Ice Cream Lady: It's taking a while.
Bandit looks at Bluey and Bingo eating their ice creams. Right as the card terminal is ready to accept Bandit's card, he gives in and buys an ice cream for himself.
Ice Cream Lady: Ready.
Bandit: Oh, go on give us a double chocolate in a cup, extra large.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: I've got a problem.
The scene cuts to Bluey, Bingo, and Bandit eat their ice creams on a bench.
Bandit: Everyone happy?
Bluey and Bingo: Yep.
Bandit: Good.
Bluey: Is yours nice, Dad?
Bandit: Yeah, it's chocolate.
Bluey: Bingo, can I have a lick of your mango?
Bandit: (speaking to himself) Here we go.
Bingo: Okay, but only if I can have a lick of yours.
Bluey: Sure.
Bingo tries to give Bluey a lick of her ice cream, but she backs out.
Bingo: Ah, not a big lick.
Bluey: I wasn't going to take a big lick.
Bingo: You were. Your tongue was all the way out.
Bluey: No it wasn't.
Bingo: It was. It was like this. (she sticks out her tongue)
Bluey: No, it was only out this far. (she sticks out her tongue)
Bingo: (talking with her tongue out) No, it was out this far.
Bluey: (talking with her tongue out) It wasn't. It was out this far.
Bingo: It has to be out this far. (she pushes Bluey's tongue in)
Bluey: Okay.
Bingo: Okay, that's okay. (she tries a second time to give Bluey a lick of her ice cream, but Bluey does not take the lick)
Bluey: Hang on. If I lick first, and you lick second, you could just take a bigger lick than me.
Bandit: Uh, Bluey.
Bingo: No I won't.
Bluey: You will. You lick first, I'll lick second.
Bingo: But then you'll just take a bigger lick.
Bluey: I won't, I promise.
Bingo: You will.
Bandit: Okay, kids, come on. Sort it out.
Bluey: We can't both lick second. What are we going to do?
Bingo: I know. Let's lick at the same time.
Bluey: Oh yeah. Good idea, Bingo. Okay, you ready?
Bingo: Yes.
Bluey: So, we both take the same size lick, okay?
Bingo: Okay. Show me how big your tongue is out. (Bluey sticks out her tongue) Okay, that's okay.
Bluey: (talking with her tongue out) Show me yours.
Bingo: (sticks out her tongue, talking with her tongue out) Is mine okay?
Bluey: Yeah.
Bingo: Well, let's go.
The girls try to give each other a lick of their ice cream. They both back out. They get off the bench and begin to spin around while trying to get a lick of each other's ice cream.
Bluey: No your tongue is out too far.
Bingo: But, but...
Bluey: Bingo, not that much.
Bingo: Ooh, ooh...
Bandit: Kids, what are you doing?
Bingo: That's too much.
Bluey: No, tongue back in, tongue back in.
Bingo: Not too big.
The girls wander away from the bench while spinning, still trying to get a lick. Waltz of the Flowers plays.
Bingo: No. Back, back.
Bluey: Oh, not too much.
Waltz of the Flowers continues as the girls pass by different locations in Brisbane. Their ice creams begin to melt.
Bandit: (shooing white ibis in an outdoor eating area) Uh! Get out of it!
The girls and Bandit end up at another bench. They then realise that their ice creams have melted.
Bluey: Ahh! My ice cream! It's melted!
Bingo: Mine too! (they both scream) They're both melted.
They try to lick whatever remains of their melted ice creams.
Bluey: Dad, our ice creams melted!
Bandit: It's a hot day, kid. You had 'em out in the sun. The sun melts ice creams.
Bluey: But that's not fair.
Bandit: It's about as fair as it gets, actually.
Bingo: Can you buy us another one?
Bandit: Zero chance.
Bingo groans and falls to the ground.
Bluey: Oh, why not?
Bandit: 'Cause it's not my fault they melted. You took too long to eat 'em.
Bluey: So, we get nothing?
Bandit: Well, you get a valuable life lesson.
Bluey: I don't want a valuable life lesson. (her voice breaks) I just want an ice cream.
Bluey falls to the ground. Bingo howls three times. Bandit looks at his daughters who are now saddened by their not having ice cream.
Bandit: Alright, I tell you what. You kids can have mine.
Bluey and Bingo: (excitedly) Really?
Bandit: Yeah, go on.
Bluey and Bingo: Thanks, Dad!
Bandit gives them the ice cream. As they try to eat it, they grab the spoon at the same time.
Bluey: Huh?
The camera briefly focuses on Bandit who initially is seen smiling, but now has a worried look.
Bluey: Let's take turns. You go first. Have as much as you want.
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey.
Bingo takes a bite of the ice cream.
Bluey: Is it good?
Bingo: Mm, yeah! Your turn. I only took a little bit.
Bluey: Thanks, Bingo.
Bandit: Well done, girls.
Bluey: Mm, it's even better than mango.
Bandit: Yeah, it's chocolate.
Bluey and Bingo giggle. The scene changes briefly to a view of the Wheel of Brisbane, then it changes back to Bluey, Bingo, and Bandit on the bench as people walk by them.
Bluey: I'm sorry you don't get an ice cream, Dad.
Bandit: It's all good, kid. I'm fine.
Bingo: Well, it's actually your job to give us your ice cream.
Bandit: Oh, is it now? And why's that?
Bingo: 'Cause you're the big daddy man.
Bandit: (laughs) Fair enough.
End credits.
The end credits is the same as the episode's theme.