The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler's house. The sky is overcast, and tinted an ominous green. 
In the sun-room, Chilli finishes mopping the floor and wipes her brow.
Chilli: "Done."
She sighs and lays down on the sun-room couch. The moment she closes her eyes, Bingo walks up.
Bingo: "Mum, can you play with me?"
Chilli: "Oh, you know what, Bingo? Not right now, honey."
Bingo: "Oh. Why not?"
Chilli: "Well...I just don't feel like playing right now."
Bingo: "So?"
Chilli laughs.
Chilli: "Bingo!"
Bingo: "What?"
In Bluey and Bingo's bedroom, Bluey is playing with a "reusable bubble wrap" style fidget toy. Bingo walks in.
Bluey: "Hi, Bingo."
Bingo: "Do you want to play, Bluey?"
Bluey: "Yeah!"
Bingo: "Hooray! Mum said she wouldn't play with me."
Bluey puts down the fidget toy and gets down off the bed.
Bluey: "You know there is a way you can make people play with you?"
Bingo: "Really? How?"
Bluey: "You use magic."
Bingo: "Magic?"
Bluey: "Yeah. You can use it to make people do anything. Mum taught me."
Bingo: "Ooh, show me!"
Bluey: "OK, turn around."
Bingo turns around.
Bluey: "Watch. I can make your tail go this way."
Bluey waves her hand, theatrically. Nothing happens. Bluey steps closer and whispers in Bingo's ear.
Bluey: (whispering) "Oh, Bingo, pretend my hand controls your tail."
Bingo: "Oh, okay!"
Bluey steps back.
Bluey: "I can make it go this way..."
She waves her hand, and Bingo's tail moves to follow it. Bingo giggles.
Bingo: "Wow!"
Bluey: "...and this way..."
She waves her hand in the other direction, and Bingo's tail follows. Bingo keeps giggling.
Bluey: "...and wag!"
Bluey waves her hand back and forth, and Bingo's tail wags in response. Bingo squeals in delight and giggles.
Bingo: "Look at it!"
Bluey: "And it's not just tails. I can do this. Watch! Oop!"
Bluey extends both hands, fingers spread. She flings her hands towards the bed in a throwing motion. 
Bingo: "Agh!"
Bingo runs and flings herself onto the bed. She laughs.
Bingo: "Teach me!"
Bluey: "Um... Sure."
She shrugs.
Bluey: "I guess Mum won't mind."
TITLE CARD: Magic
Bingo: "This episode of Bluey is called: Magic."
The girls stand on the verandah outside their room.
Bluey: "Okay, Bingo, let's do this. Try to magic my ears."
Bingo makes a reaching gesture.
Bingo: "Ee! Ee! It's not working."
Bluey: "You've got to be more dramatic, like..."
Bluey waves her hand, putting her whole body into it.
Bluey: "HM!"
Bingo yelps. Her ears fold back.
Bluey: "You know?"
Bingo takes a pose, left arm held low across the body, right arm held up by her face. Bluey walks over and corrects her posture.
Bluey: "OK, arm up, feet out."
Bingo is now posed like she's holding a ball beside her, between both her hands. Bluey walks back into position.
Bluey: "OK, try again."
Bingo "charges up," and then thrusts her hands at Bluey's head.
Bingo: "Aah...Hm!"
Bluey's ears fold back.
Bluey: "Ah!"
Bingo: "It worked!"
Bingo giggles, tail wagging.
Bluey: "You know magic! Now if someone doesn't want to play with you..."
Bluey makes a gesture with both hands like she's lifting a marionette upright, then spins her finger around. Bingo stands to attention and turns around.
Bluey: "...you can just make them."
Bluey pushes both her hands down, and Bingo crouches down.
Bingo: "Agh."
Bluey leapfrogs over Bingo.
Bluey: "Leapfrog!"
Bingo giggles. Bluey lifts her hand, causing Bingo to stand.
Bluey: "See?"
Bingo: "Is there anything else I need to know?"
Bluey: "Well, there was something else Mum said, some rule... Oh, I forget."
Bingo: "Let's use it on Dad!"
Bluey: "Yeah!"
In the back yard, Bandit and Pat have just finished installing new sod along the back edge of the property.
Pat: "I think that's it."
Bandit: "Looking good."
Bingo runs up to Bandit. Bluey hides behind a wheelbarrow.
Bingo: "Hi, Dad."
Bandit: "G'day, Bingo! Check out the new grass!"
Bingo: "Ooh. It looks great. Um... Can you play with me?"
Bandit: "Oh, not right now, mate. We've got to water this in."
Bingo: "Oh... well... that's too bad!"
Bingo flings her arms towards Bandit.
Bandit: "Is there something wrong with your arms, mate?"
Bingo looks at her palms, disappointed.
Bingo: "It's not working."
Bluey: "I told you — more dramatic, like this."
Bluey gestures like a conductor urging the orchestra to play louder.
Bluey: "Hm!"
Bingo throws her arms towards Bandit again.
Bingo: "Ee!"
Bingo strains, but Bandit doesn't move.
Bandit: "Bingo, I think you need your racquet restrung."
Pat laughs and shakes his head.
Pat: "'Racquet restrung.'"
Bingo: "I said...that's too bad!"
One again, Bingo throws her arms towards Bandit. He yelps and freezes in place.
Bandit: "Oh, no! Bingo's learned magic! Run, Pat!"
Pat: "Oh-hh!"
Bluey comes out from behind the wheelbarrow, giggling. Pat makes a break for it.
Bluey: "Oh, no, you don't!"
Bluey throws her arms forward, freezing Pat in the process of jumping over the fence.
Pat: "Hup!"
Bandit: "Nooo!"
Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bluey: "What should we do with them?"
Bingo: "Hmm..."
The scene abruptly cuts to Pat and Bandit dancing a tango. Pat has a rose in his teeth.
Bandit: "This is not fair!"
Bluey and Bingo conduct the dance with arm gestures.
Bandit: "Kids! Stop making us dance!"
Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Pat: "Stop it!"
Pat dips Bandit, who yelps. He pulls Bandit back up and spins him across the yard.
Bandit: "Whoa!"
Bluey: "Okay, time for the big finish!"
Pat gets down on one knee, arms upraised.
Pat: "Oh, no."
Bandit runs towards him.
Bandit: "You better stick the landing, Pat!"
Pat: "It's not up to me!"
Bluey grunts. Bingo motions for Pat to lift, and he successfully lifts Bandit over his head with a roar.
Bluey & Bingo: "Hooray!"
Bandit: "We did it! We did it!"
Pat: (straining) "Christmas crackers! You weigh a ton! Ohh..."
Pat starts to lose his balance.
Bandit: "Pat, you're losing me, Pat! You're losing me!"
They fall to the ground. Both groan. Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bingo: "I love magic!"
'Chilli: "Whats going on here?!"
Chilli suddenly appears behind the girls.
Bluey & Bingo: "Agh!"
Bluey makes a break for it. Bingo runs a few steps behind.
Bluey: "Run!"
Chilli: "Oh, no, you don't!"
Chilli magically freezes them, one with each hand.
Chilli: "Who taught you how to use magic?"
Bingo: "Bluey did."
Chilli: "I should have known. And did you teach her the most important rule about magic?"
Bluey: "I couldn't remember it."
Chilli gestures, and Bluey and Bingo spin around to face Chilli.
Bluey & Bingo: "Agh!"
Chilli: "The rule is: never use magic for cheekiness."
Bluey: "Oh, yeah, that's right!"
Pat and Bandit are still lying in a pile.
Pat: "Oh, Bandit, get your armpit out of my face."
Chilli: "You two, get out of here! This doesn't concern you."
Chilli gestures, and they get up, spin their way over to the back fence. Pat boosts Bandit over it, then jumps after him, escaping to Pat's yard.
Pat: "Whoop!"
Chilli: "Bingo, magic should only be used to help people."
Bluey: "We were helping. We were helping them learn to dance!"
Chilli: "Bluey!"
Chilli throws out her hands. Bluey does a cartwheel, landing on her back.
Bluey: Ohh!"
Bingo giggles.
Bluey: "Okay, okay. No more cheekiness."
Chilli: "Thank you."
Chilli releases Bluey, and turns to leave. Even darker, more ominous clouds gather in the sky. Bluey stands up behind Chilli.
Bluey: "Starting tomorrow!"
Bluey throws her arms to the side, spinning Chilli in circles around the back yard. Bingo giggles.
Chilli: "Ooh ooh ooh oooh!"
Bluey: "It should be up to us how we use our magic! If we want to be cheeky,
then we can be cheeky!"
Chilli: "It's not your magic—"
Bluey makes her do the "bee's knees" part of the Charleston.
Chilli: "—it's everyone's"
Bluey sends her running across the yard again - this time, towards a puddle of mud that Bandit and Pat have left behind from their yard work.
Chilli: "Agh! A-a-a-a-a-gh!"
Bluey makes her fall towards the puddle, but she catches herself with her hands.
Chilli: "Huh!"
Bluey: "Hey! Grrrrrrr!"
Bluey strains harder to force Chilli down.
Chilli: "And it's stronger in some than others!"
She lifts and hand and throws it at Bluey, who runs backwards across the yard.
Bluey: "Aaaah!"
Bluey continues running backwards into the playroom, where she runs backwards into a bean bag chair, flips over the top of it, and lands behind it. Bluey takes cover behind the beanbag as Chilli walks into the playroom.
Chilli: "Magic should be used for goodliness!"
Bluey jumps out from behind the beanbag. She flips her hands down, knocking Chilli down.
Bluey: "I was using it for goodliness!"
Bluey moves her right hand in a circular motion. Chilli, still laying on the floor, runs in a circle on the kiwi rug like Curly from the Three Stooges.
"Bingo was sad because YOU didn't play with her! Now she's happy!"
Chilli: "Nooo!"
The scene cuts to the sitting room. Bluey forces Chilli into the room. Bingo follows, quietly.
Chilli: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
Bluey: "Grown-ups should play with kids whenever the kids want!"
She throws Chilli forwards. Chilli vaults over the couch and lands on the floor behind it.
Chilli: "Whoa...ugh!"
Bluey darts around the side of the couch, and throws her hands out.
Bluey: "Ha-yah!"
Chilli is already gone. Her tail disappears around the other side of the couch.
Bluey: "Huh?"
Chilli stands up on the other side of the couch and freezes Bluey. Bluey poses, standing on one leg, holding her tail in one hand with the other up her nose.
Chilli: "Grown-ups can't just drop everything and play when kids ask them to."
Chilli motions, and Bluey jumps over the back of the couch to land on the cushions.
Chilli: "Huah!"
Bluey grunts and then laughs. She throws a hand out at Chilli
Bluey: "Grr!"
Chilli throws herself backwards and skids across the floor.
Chilli: "Ohh!"
Chilli throws a hand out at Bluey.
Chilli: "Whop!"
Bluey rolls off the cushions onto the floor.
Bluey: "Agh!"
Bluey giggles.
Bingo: "Why not?"
Chilli: "Because then who will do all the chores, like cleaning the house
and making the dinners?"
Bluey leaps up onto the sofa.
Bluey: "We'll ring the pizza boy!"
She flings Chilli up the stairs to the landing.
Chilli: "Agh! You can't just ring the pizza boy!"
Bluey pushes Chilli further up the stairs.
Bluey: "We can do whatever we want..."
Chilli: "Agh!"
Bluey: "... can't we, Bingo?"
Bingo: "Um... I guess."
At the top of the stairs, Bluey forces Chilli into the living room, where she falls to the floor on top of Floppy. Bluey, mad with power, starts yapping wordlessly.
Chilli: "Argh! No, Bingo. Don't listen to her!"
Chilli flings Floppy, hitting Bluey in the face.
Bluey: "Argh!"
Chilli gets up and freezes Bluey. She poses like she's climbing a ladder.
Chilli: "The pizza boy is not the solution!"
Chilli flings her across the room, landing on the couch. Bluey squeals. She tries to get up, but she's being mystically held in place.
Bluey: "Bingo, I need your help! Join your magic to mine!"
Chilli: (to Bingo) "People should play with you
because they want to, not because you make them. Otherwise it's not playing!"
Bluey continues straining to get up off the couch. Bandit walks in.
Bandit: "Hey, uh...is all that crazy stuff still happening?"
Chilli takes her eyes off Bluey. Bluey seizes her moment, and pulls Bandit down on top of Chilli."
Bluey: "Argh!"
Chilli: "Oh, get off!"
Bandit: "It's not up to me!"
Bluey: "You see, Bingo? Cheeky magic always wins—Cause we've got tickling!"
Bluey makes tickling motions in the air, causing Bandit to tickle Chilli. She pins her arms to her sides, trying to block him.
Chilli: "Argh!"
Bandit: "Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle!"
Chilli laughs.
"Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle!
Chilli: (laughing) "Cut it out!"
Bluey: "Now, Bingo, ring all the pizza boys!"
Bingo: "Me?"
Bluey: "Yes, you."
Bingo: "Why do I have to do it?"
Bluey: "Because I said so."
Bingo: "You can't just tell me what to do."
Bluey: "Yes, I can."
Bluey slams Bingo against the wall.
Bingo: "Wah!"
Bandit: "Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle!"
Chill: (laughing) "Stop it!"
Bandit: "Sorry, babe, it's the magic."
Bluey howls in triumph. Then, Bandit stands up.
Bandit: "Huh?"
Bluey: "Huh? Who's doing that?"
Bingo walks out from behind the couch. She's the one controlling Bandit now. Bluey gasps.
Bluey: "Bingo! No!"
Bingo: "Hee-yah!
She flings Bandit at Bluey.
Bandit: "Ohh...argh!"
He crushes her into the sofa.
Bandit & Bluey: "Oof!"
Chilli: "Hooray! Bingo joined the good side!"
Bingo runs up to Chilli for a hug. Bluey laughs and struggles under Bandit.
Bingo: "Whoo!"
Bandit: "I am not an object!"
Outside, in the backyard, the clouds have broken. The sky is still a pale green, but the scattered clouds are tinged sunset-pink. Bandit, Chilli, Bingo, and Bluey sit at the edge of the new grass, enjoying the feel of it on their feet. A sprinkler has been set up to water it in.
Chilli: "Well, that was a big day."
Bluey: "Nice grass, Dad."
Bandit: "Thanks, kid."
The doorbell rings.
Chilli: (smugly) "That'll be the pizza boy."
Bluey & Bingo "Hooray!"
Bluey and Bingo start running for the house.
Bluey: "Come on! Who's coming!"
They stop, as neither Chilli or Bandit have gotten up.
Bingo: "We need a grown-up."
Chilli: "Off you pop."
Bandit: "Actually, I'm pretty comfortable right here."
Chilli: "Yeah, but you're still going."
Bandit: "You gonna make me?"
Chilli wiggles her fingers threateningly.
Chilli: "If I have to."
Bandit: "Oh, man. Okay."
Bandit stands up and brushes off some grass.
Bandit: (muttering) "Wish I knew magic."
Bluey: "Uh-uh!"
Bandit falls back on his bum. Chilli stands up.
Chilli: "Ooh!"
Bingo: "That... was... cheeky."
Bingo, who has seized control of Chilli, turns her around and marches her towards the house.
Chilli: "Whoa!"
Bluey, Bingo, and Bandit all giggle.
A brassy arrangement of the episode music plays over the end credits. Green leaves blow across the screen, in front of the credits.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket