The episode opens in the lobby of a movie theater. Bingo runs through the doors, followed by Bluey and Bandit at a walking pace.
Bingo giggles and runs out of frame.
Bandit: Bingo, calm it down a bit, mate.
The scene cuts to further into the lobby. Bingo stops in front of a Chunky Chimp standee - it features a pink chimp waving a banana, with a thunderstorm in the background.
Bingo: Ooh, banana.
Bingo squeals and runs behind the standee.
Bluey: Dad, is there going to be thunder in the movie?
Bandit: Hm, maybe.
Bluey: Ohhh...
Bandit: Are you sure you're ready for movies, Bluey?You're a bit of a sensitive kid.
Bluey: Mackenzie's seen it!
Bandit: Yeah, but you're not Mackenzie.
Bluey: I know, but... I'm ready.
Bandit: Just checking. Come on, let's go get some tickets. Hey, where's Bingo?
Bingo is swinging from Chunky Chimp's banana.
Bingo: Banana!
The standee falls forward. The banana breaks off in Bingo's hand. She giggles.
Bandit: Bingo!
Bingo: Sorry.
Bingo squeaks and giggles.
TITLE CARD - Movies
Bluey : This episode of Bluey is called Movies.
Bingo, Bandit, and Bluey are at the ticket counter. Bingo is trying to climb the counter and giggling.
Bandit: One adult and two kids to Chunky Chimp, thanks.
Bingo: And a giant popcorn!
Bandit: And a small popcorn.
Bingo: Awww.
Cinema Counter Dog: Uh, fifty-four dollars, please.
Bandit: (cursing) Chunky Chimp! Do I have to pay for the four-year-old? She's not really gonna watch it.
Cinema Counter Dog: Uh, yeah, you still have to pay.
The Cinema counter dog leaves with an empty popcorn bucket.
Bluey: (whispering) Can you ask him if there's any scary bits?
He returns with a bucket of popcorn.
Bandit: Oh, yeah. Hey, are there any scary bits in this?
Cinema Counter Dog: Um, there's a big thunderstorm bit at the end. That might be scary for some kids.
Bluey: Oh, I think I might be "some kids."
Bandit: Look, we can leave whenever you want — just say the word.
Bluey: Thanks, Dad.
Bandit: OK, three tickets and a popcorn.
Bingo grabs the popcorn bucket and falls backwards, spilling popcorn everywhere. She laughs.
Bandit: And another popcorn.
The scene changes to the theatre. Bingo runs in, squealing, holding another bucket of popcorn. Bandit runs in after her and takes her hand.
Bandit: (whispering) Bingo! Stay with me, mate.
Bluey walks in after them, with her hands over her eyes. She bumps into Bandit.
Bluey: Ow!
Bandit: (whispering) Open your eyes, Bluey.
Bingo licks a piece of popcorn out of the bucket and eats it.
Bluey: Is the thunderstorm bit on yet?
Bandit: The movie hasn't started yet.
Bluey: Oh.
Bluey uncovers her eyes.
Bandit: These are trailers for other movies.
Voiceover: This summer, prepare to BEE—
A cartoon bee suddenly appears on screen. Bluey yelps and ducks down behind the seats, crawling behind Bandit.
Voiceover: —out of your comfort zone.
Bandit sits down. He pushes down the seat to his right. Bluey sits to his left, covering her eyes again.
Bandit: You sit here, Bingo.
Bingo: Ooh, swingy chair.
Bandit lets go of the seat. It swings up, squishing Bingo.
Bingo squeals and laughs.
Bandit: Whoops. Heh-heh. Maaaybe just sit forward a bit.
Bingo: Okay.
Bingo scooches forward. Bluey grabs Bandit's hand.
Bluey: Tell me when the trailers are over.
Bandit: Bluey...
Bingo's chair snaps shut on her again.
Bandit: Whoa, Bingo!
The trailer ends.
Bluey: Oh, it's finished.
Voiceover: Experience pure sound.
The letters BRM, in parody of the THX logo appear onscreen. A chorus of vocals builds into a booming noise.
Bluey: Ah!
Bluey grabs her ears and pulls them down.
Bingo: Loud!
The house lights go down.
Bingo: Dark!
Bandit: OK, now the movie's started.
The movie fades in. Two monkeys are sitting in a tree branch above a vast savanna. One of them has a bicycle.
Bingo: This is boring.
Bandit: (whispering) Bingo, shh.
Bluey: Is this the storm bit?
Bandit: Nah, it's just some monkeys in a tree.
Bluey peeks experimentally, then opens both eyes.
Chunky: Hey, Chubbles, look what I invented. We can use it to explore the Groundlands.
Chubbles: Oh, Chunky. You and your inventions.
Bingo laughs and swings her legs, thumping her seat up and down.
Bandit: (whispering) Bingo, sit still.
Chubbles: Why can't you just be like the rest of us? Why do you have to be so different?
Chunky: I don't know.
Chunky: (singing) ♫ I wish I wasn't different... ♫
Bandit: (whispering) Oh, man, there's songs.
Chunky: (singing) ♫ I wish I were the same... ♫
Bingo's seat snaps shut again.
Bingo: Oh, my popcorn.
The scene cuts to the ticket and concession counter. Bingo is playing with the retractable barrier belt. Bluey is leaning against the counter, thinking.
Bandit: One popcorn, please.
Cinema Counter Dog: Sure.
Bandit: Bingo, don't touch that.
Bluey: Dad, am I different, like Chunky is?
Bandit is distracted, looking through his wallet.
Bandit: Huh?
Bandit: Uh, yeah, well, uh, no. Bingo, no, mate.
Bluey: I think I am different. I'm the only one of my friends who doesn't watch movies. I wish I wasn't different.
Bandit: Look, mate, I'm pretty sure that by the end of the movie, everyone will like that the monkey was different.
Bandit finds his card, and holds it out for the Cinema Counter Dog to tap. Bingo unhooks the barrier belt, and it whips around and smacks Bandit in the bum.
Bandit: Ow!
Bluey and Bingo laugh.
The scene changes back to the theatre. Bingo is carrying the popcorn over her head.
Bandit: Don't spill 'em, Bingo. Don't spill 'em.
Bluey: Well, I am not gonna be different anymore. I’m ready for movies. Just like everyone else.
The scene cuts back to show the screen. Chunky is on the ground, mounted on his bicycle. Chubbles hangs from a low branch behind him, worried.
Chubbles: The Groundlands aren't for chimps. Tree World is where we belong.
Chunky: But my heart belongs to the Groundlands. 
Chubbles: I don't care, you need to stay here...
Bingo points to the seat one row down.
Bingo: Can I sit over there?
Bandit: No, mate, we're sitting here.
Bingo and Chunky: But I want to go down there.
Bandit and Chubbles: No, you have to stay here with me.
Bingo and Chunky: But I want to explore!
Bluey: (whispering) Dad, look, I'm watching!
Bandit: Well done, Bluey.
Bandit turns back, and Bingo is gone.
Bandit: Huh?
Bingo is now sitting two rows down. She waves.
Bingo: Hi.
Bandit: Hey!
Bandit gets up and runs to get her. Bingo laughs. When he gets close, she ducks down, and pops up three rows back.
Bandit: What? Bingo!
Bandit runs to her new location; Bingo ducks down and appears two rows down.
Bandit: Where's that kid?
Bingo: Hi.
Bingo laughs.
The screen is shown again. Chunky is standing in the savanna, talking to a cheetah.
Chew B’Deube: You can find the magic pine cone, Chunky.
Bandit's silhouette runs across the screen.
Bandit: Get back here!
Chew B’Deube: You just have to be yourself.
Chunky: Be myself?
Chew B’Deube: Yeah, be yourself.
Chew B’Deube: (singing) ♫ Oh, be yourself ♫ 
Bingo runs into an aisle, laughing. Bandit jumps out from behind a seat and grabs her.
Bandit: Got ya!
Chew B’Deube: (singing) ♫ Oh, be yourself ♫ 
Bingo: I need the toilet.
Bandit: Aw, man.
The scene cuts to the bathroom. Bandit is looking into a stall. Bluey is standing behind him, thinking.
Bandit: Oh, nah, mate, don't touch the dunny brush.
Bingo giggles.
Bluey: Dad?
Bluey: Why does Chewbadewba tell Chunky to "be yourself"?
Bandit: Uh, well, uh, you know.
Bingo: Finished!
Bingo runs off.
Bandit: Bingo, you gotta flush. Come on!
Bandit enters the stall and flushes.
Bluey: Am I just being yourself?
Bandit: Look, it’s just monkeys singing songs, mate. Don’t think too hard about it.
Bingo laughs. She's standing under the hand dryer, her fur blowing in the breeze.
Bandit: Aw, Bingo.
The scene cuts back to the theater. Bingo, Bandit, and Bluey are taking their seats.
Bluey: Well, I understand what "just be yourself" means because I’m ready for movies.
The screen is shown again. Chunky is riding his bike. Lightning flashes in the background and rain begins to fall. The camera pans to show a tall mountain.
Chunky: Oh, no! It's a thunderstorm.
Bluey: Eek!
Bluey curls up and covers her eyes.
Bluey: Dad, I want to go now.
Bandit: Okay, no worries. Bingo, we got to go.
Bingo isn't in her seat.
Bandit: (whispering) Huh? Bingo! Where are you? 
As Bandit looks for Bingo, Chunky is climbing a cliff in the thunderstorm.
Bandit: (whispering) Bingo! Bingo! Where have you gone?
Chunky: I found the magic pine cone.
Bingo walks in front of the screen and waves.
Bingo: Hi.
Bandit: Bingo!
Bluey uncovers her eyes.
Bingo laughs.
Bandit: Bluey, help me with your sister.
Bandit runs down the right aisle. Bluey closes her eyes and runs blindly down the left aisle.
Bandit: You block her off.
Bluey: But I can't see. Ow.
Bluey walks into the screen.
Bingo laughs. On the screen behind them, Chunky rides his bike down a steep incline.
Bandit: Bingo! No!
Bandit tries to catch Bingo, but trips over Bluey instead. Bingo squeals and runs off.
Bandit: Come back here, you little pickle!
Bandit runs after her, and Bluey wanders blindly in the opposite direction.
The scene cuts to the rear of the theater. Bingo runs through, followed by Bandit. Bingo laughs.
Bandit: Sorry, sorry. Sorry, everyone.
The scene cuts to the aisle.
Bandit: Stop running away.
Bandit trips and rolls down the steps.
Bandit: Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
The scene cuts back to the base of the screen, where Bluey is still standing with eyes covered. Bingo runs past, laughing, followed by Bandit.
Bandit: Bluey, open your eyes.
Bluey: But the scary bit’s on.
Bingo and Bandit run past the other way.
Bandit: It’s just a monkey in the rain.
Bingo laughs.
The scene changes back to the seats. Bandit trips.
Bandit: Ooh! Bluey, open your eyes and help me.
Bluey and Chunky: I can't do it. I'm not ready.
Bluey: Huh?
Bluey opens her eyes and turns to watch the screen.
Chunky: I should have just stayed in the trees like everyone else.
Magic Pine Cone: But you didn’t.
Chunky: Huh?
A golden pine cone floats next to Chunky as he hurtles down the mountain.
Magic Pine Cone: You rode off to save the village, because there is nobody else quite like you.
Magic Pine Cone: Now, fly, Chunky!
Chunky hits a ramp, and plunges offscreen.
Chunky: Whoa!
Bluey gasps.
Chunky rises back into frame, having deployed a glider from his bike.
Chunky: Yeah! Woo!
Bluey: He made it!
Bingo giggles and runs past Bluey. Bluey turns and grabs her.
Bluey: Gotcha.
Bandit: Ah. Nice one, Bluey.
Other Moviegoers: Hooray! Well Done! Whoo-hoo!
Bandit leads Bluey and Bingo to the exit.
Bandit: Ok, let’s get you out of here.
Bluey: Dad, look, the storm is over.
Bandit: Oh, yeah. Nice one.
Bluey: Can we stay?
Bandit: What? Really?
Bluey: Um, yeah.
Bandit: Okay, we're staying.
Bingo: Aw, I don’t want to stay.
Bandit: I know, mate, but it’s important for Bluey.
Bingo: So what do I do?
Bandit: You know what, Bingo? Just be yourself.
We see the final scene of the movie. Chunky Chimp stands on an outcropping of rock, with Chubbles, the Magic Pine Cone, and Chew B'Deube by his side. A crowd of chimps watches from the background.
Chunky: ♫ Now it all worked out. Everything’s fine. ♫
Bandit proudly puts his hand on Bluey's shoulder as they watch.
Chunky: ♫ Living in the trees and the ground sometimes ♫ 
Bingo, wearing the popcorn bucket as a hat, kicks her legs and bounces the seat. Bandit shakes his head.
Chunky: ♫ All becaaaaause... ♫ 
Bingo's chair snaps shut.
Bingo: Whup!
Chunky: ♫ You learned to be yourself. ♫
The song continues into the end credits, repeating "Be yourself." Instead of Bluey dancing, we see a mirrored version of the Chunky Chimp standee, waving his banana.