The episode opens in a park.
A shelter has been decorated with balloons and flags, and the picnic cable within is covered with treats. Presents are piled nearby, and a piñata hangs from a nearby tree. 
Buddy's Mum is fetching a drink from a cooler. Bandit, Jasper's Mum, Pom Pom's Mum, Missy's Mum, and Chilli set at the picnic table, talking. Pat stands next to the table, joined in the conversation. Jasper G., Missy, Lila, Bingo, Chucky, Buddy, and Pom Pom sit in a circle, ready to play Pass the Parcel. Lila's brother reaches for the piñata. Sheila walks up to the kids, holding a phone and Bluetooth speaker.
Sheila: "Are you ready for Pass the Parcel, kids?"
The children: "Yeah!"
Bingo: "I LOVE Pass the Parcel!"
Lila: "Me too!"
Lila's brother giggles and pulls down the piñata; candy spills out.The kids laugh at this.
Sheila: "Oh no! Uh... Pat, would you mind doing the music?"
She hands Pat her phone, and runs off to deal with the piñata.
Pat: "Yeah, too easy, Sheila. Ready, kids? I'll just close my eyes."
The viewpoint pulls back to include Sheila in the shot.She's got her son in one hand, and is putting candy back in the piñata with the other.
Sheila: "Uh... Pat, no. You have to stop on each kid once."
Pat: "What?! Why?"
Chilli: "So everyone gets a prize."
Pat: "But how can EVERYONE get a prize? There's just one in the middle."
Chilli: "No, there's a prize in each layer."
Pat: "WHAT?!"
Chilli: "So no one misses out."
Pat: "Eh, Bandit, you hearin' this?"
Bandit: "Yeah - where you been, mate?"
Chucky: "Start the music, Dad!"
Pat: "Look, when I was a kid, there was only one—"
The Kids: "Start the music!"
Pat flinches back.
Pat: "Okay, OKAY! I'LL START! But this is not how you play Pass the Parcel."
Pat, visibly annoyed, presses play. A simple violin tune begins to play.
Bingo: "This episode of Bluey is called: Pass the Parcel."
The music continues to play as the kids, indeed, pass the parcel.
Pat: "Okay and stop!"
He stops the music. The parcel is in Bingo's hands.
Bingo: "Hooray, it's me!"
She tears off the outer layer of paper, revealing a plastic bracelet with a heart charm.
Lila: "Ooh, it's a bracelet!"
Pat shakes his head in disappointment.
Pat: "Ah, this is just wrong."
He hits play, and the music resumes - and so does the parcel-passing action.This time, it stops on Pom Pom.
Pom Pom: "It stopped on me!"
She tears of a layer of paper, revealing an orange lolly.
Pom Pom: "Lollipop!"
Other Pups: "Yeah!"
Pat: "Okay, Lila this time."
He starts the music, and the kids start their parcel-passing.
Pat: "Stop!"
The parcel stops in Lila's hands.
Pat: "Ah! Good one, Pat."
Lila tears open a layer of paper, revealing a plastic bracelet with a star charm. Lila gasps!
Bingo: "You got a bracelet too!"
Pat restarts the music. He kneels down next to Missy as the kids pass the parcel once more.
Pat: "Hey, Missy, have you had a go yet?"
Missy: "No."
Pat stands up.
Pat: "Okay, and stop!"
He presses pause. The music keeps playing. Much to his chagrin, the parcel passes by Missy.
Pat: "I said stop!"
He keeps tapping on the screen.
Pat: "ARGH, these touch screens! Stop!"
The parcel stops with Pom Pom again!
Pom Pom: "Me again!"
Pat: "Oh, no, that was supposed to be hers."
To the concern of the other kids, Pat passes the parcel away from Pom Pom, and passes it to Missy instead.
Pat: "Here, give it here."
Pom Pom: "Argh! But it stopped on ME, Lucky's Dad."
Pat: (pained) "Oh, man, I'm not cut out for this."
Bingo and Lila touch their bracelets together and squeal happily.
The scene cuts to an invitation to Chucky's fifth birthday, mounted on a fridge. It has several cut-out photos, showing Chucky playing rugby and cricket, on the beach, and sleeping in a car seat.
Pat: "Balloons are blown up, Janelle!"
In the Labradors' kitchen, Pat holds a double-armful of balloons.We see another Labrador, who is wrapping candy and small toys into a parcel. Meet Janelle, his wife.
Janelle: "Thanks. I'm almost there with Pass the Parcel..."
Pat sets his balloons down on the kitchen counter, and they bounce everywhere. Job done, Pat turns to leave; however, he catches an eye on Janelle's handiwork.
Pat: "Oh, hang on; are you putting a present in every layer?"
Janelle: "Yeah, of course."
Pat turns to lecture his wife.
Pat: "No way. I want to play it the proper way. None of this present-every-layer business. Put one big present in the middle - winner gets that."
Janelle: "Well, what about everyone else?"
Pat shrugs.
Pat: "They have to suck it up."
Janelle rolls her eyes. She knows this won't go down well with the kids.
Janelle: "That's not how it's done anymore, Pat!"
Pat:: "I'm puttin' my foot down, Janelle - we're raisin' a nation of squibs!"
Janelle: "Fine! But YOU'RE handling it!"
She shoves the wrapping paper and toys towards Pat and folds her arms.
Pat: "No worries. You watch. This will blow their minds."
The scene cuts to Chucky's birthday party, in the event space at an indoor playground. The same people are in attendance from the last party - but this time, Janelle has come for the ride. The adults sit around a table, with a plate of party subs; the kids sit in a circle on the floor. A pile of gifts sits on another table behind them. In the background, Gruber, Lucky, and Bluey can be seen riding the playground's inflatable slides.
Pat brings a parcel and a paint-spattered boombox over to the kids.
Pat: "Ready for Pass the Parcel?"
Pups: "Yeah!"
Pat: "We're gonna mix this up a bit, kids. You're gonna love it."
Pat turns his back, and hits "play" on the boom box.
Pat: "Go!" 
A peppy electronic tune begins to play, and the kids pass the parcel around. Pat bounces to the music.
Pat: "See now? I'm not looking. I'm just going to push this button at any time."
He stops the music - Bingo has the parcel! She squeals happily.
Other Pups: "Yay, Bingo!"
Bingo tears open the wrapping paper to find... air? She picks up the parcel to look underneath it.
Bingo: "I can't find the present."
Pat puts his hand on his hip, proudly.
Pat: "Uh, yep; that's right."
Lila: "Check under your legs."
Bingo lifts her legs one at a time to look underneath them.
Bingo: "Lucky's Dad, where's the present?"
Pat: "Ah, now, you see, there isn't one: there's just one big present in the middle."
Lila & Bingo: "What?!"
Chilli: "Yeah... what?"
The view pulls back. The parents are unimpressed.
Pat: (to the parents) "We're playing it the proper way." (... then turns to the kids) "Okay, let's go."
He starts the music, closes his eyes, and shimmies to the music.
Pat: "Keep passing."
Bingo holds onto the present protectively.
Bingo: "So I don't get a present?"
Pat: "No, 'cause just like in real life, you—"
Bingo wails and runs to cling to Chilli, Lila stretches her arms out to Bingo as she sheds a small tear. Feeling bad for her best friend.
The view slightly pulls to show Bingo clinging to Chilli. Both Chilli and Sheila then glare at Pat. He scratches the back of his head, embarrassed.
Pat: "Oh, boy. Uh... She'll be right." (to the kids) "Come on, just keep passing."
They pass the parcel around - it stops on Buddy. He opens it, receiving nothing.
Buddy: "Mummyyyy!"
Buddy runs to hug his mum wailing, both his mum and Missy's mum glare at Pat. The music resumes, and the kids pass the parcel.
Pat: "And STOP!"
Missy runs off, wailing. Pat starts the music.
Pat: (to the parents, defensively) "This is how you're supposed to play it!"
Bandit: "This isn't the '80s, Pat!"
Pat: "Uh, Janelle?"
Chucky, having been crushed on his special day, runs to Janelle for a hug. Chilli pats Bingo's head.
Janelle: "Don't look at me, mate!"
Buddy and Missy howl sadly in their respective mums' laps. Pat starts to sweat - clearly not cut out for this.
Pat: "Oh, man!"
Now Pom Pom has the parcel once more.
Pom Pom: "Lucky's Dad, do I not win anything?"
Pat: "Oh! It's okay. You won five bucks. Here."
Pat gets out his wallet and hands Pom Pom a five-dollar bill.
Pat: "And so did you."
He hands a five-dollar bill to Missy.
Pat: "Everyone wins five bucks. Wait, who can break a 20?"
Pat waves a twenty-dollar bill in the air. The parents all display some mixture of annoyance or confusion, except for Bandit, who is just sitting, enjoying this.Pat runs over to the present table and grabs a pair of presents. The problem? They're Chucky's.
Pat: "Actually, look— take one of these."
He hands a present to Lila, much to Chucky's horror! He screams a visceral scream of horror and surprise.
Chucky: "AAAGH! DAD, THEY'RE MY PRESENTS!!!"
Lila sets aside her - or Chucky's, really - gift, and passes the parcel to Jasper.
Chucky: (O.S.) "Give it BACK, Dad!"
Pat: (O.S.) "Aw, Chucky, you've got plenty. You can give a few of them away."
The song ends with the parcel in Jasper's hands. He opens it, revealing an octopus-themed water pistol. He holds it aloft, tail wagging furiously!
Jasper: "Oh, YEAHHH!"
In the car, on the way home, Chilli is driving. Bandit is eating a sub from the party.
Chilli: "Well, that was fun, wasn't it?"
Bingo: "Yes. Except for Pass the Parcel. I don't like Lucky's Dad's rules."
Chilli: "Yeah... It's hard when you don't win."
Bingo: "Yes. It is."
Chilli: "Maybe next time."
The scene cuts to an invitation to Jasper's fifth birthday party. It features photos of him running in a park, doing karate, and eating ice cream with Jasper W.
Jasper's Mum: "Okay, that's kid number five..."
In the dining room, Jasper's Mum is wrapping Pass the Parcel. Jasper walks up, carrying his water pistol.
Jasper: "Mum, where's my—"
Jasper's Mum covers the parcel with her hands, and waves Jasper away.
Jasper's Mum: "Argh! Out, out!"
Jasper: "Why?"
Jasper's Mum: "I'm wrapping Pass the Parcel for your birthday tomorrow."
Jasper: "Oh! Can you do it Lucky's Dad's way?"
Jasper's Mum: "With only one present in the middle?"
Jasper: "Yeah, but as good as this one."
He holds up the water pistol for emphasis.
Jasper's Mum: "Honey... that was a bit of a disaster."
Jasper: "No, it was awesome. Pleeease?"
The camera slowly zooms in on Jasper's Mum as she considers.
Jasper's birthday party is held at a different indoor playground with a space theme. The parents sit around small tables, eating pizza - though Janelle and Chilli are missing from group this time. The kids are playing in the playground - Jasper chases Pom Pom across a bridge, Missy plays in the ball pit, Lila slides down a slide. Chucky runs past a porthole, and Buddy is picking his nose.
Jasper's Mum: "Time for Pass the Parcel!"
Pat spits out his drink - wait, Pass the WHAT?!
Lila & Bingo: "Hooray!"
A little later, the kids have sat down in a circle for Pass the Parcel.
Jasper's Mum: "Okay, kids... and parents. Jasper has asked that we play Pass the Parcel by Lucky's Dad's rules."
Everyone but Pat, Jasper, and his mum sigh loudly.
Pat: "They're not my rules!"
Lila & Bingo: "Oh, what?!"
Jasper's Mum: "So let's just do our best, okay?"
Pups: "Okay..."
Jasper's Mum: (sighing) "Here we go."
She presses play on her phone, and a peppy electronic tune plays. The kids pass the parcel once more - it stops on Bingo.
Bingo: "Ooh, it's me!"
She tears off a layer of paper, receiving nothing.
Bingo: "Aww."
Lila: "Sorry, Bingo."
The music resumes. Buddy is conspicuously slow to pass the parcel.
Chucky: "Keep passin'!"
Chucky grabs the parcel and passes it on; Buddy flinches and giggles. A couple more passes later - it stops on Lila."
Lila: "Ah, it's me!"
She doesn't get anything.
Lila: "Ohh."
Bingo: "Sorry, Lila."
The music starts, and Lila passes the parcel on. This time, it stops on Missy.
Buddy: "Ohh."
Missy opens the parcel - it's a kid-friendly drone, with a bird theme.
Missy: "Oh! It's an aero-copter-bopter!"
Bingo runs off.
Other Pups: "Whoa!"
Buddy: (excited) "I was so close!"
Bingo runs up to Bandit.
Bingo: "Daaaad!"
He hugs her. She sobs into his stomach.
Bandit: "Maybe next time."
Cut to next time - an invitation to Buddy's fifth birthday. It has cut out pictures of him holding a toy whale, eating ice cream, finger-painting, and asleep in a car seat, midway through eating some cheese puffs.
The scene cuts to Buddy's party at Wynnum Whale Park. Most of the adults are gathered around a table with fairy bread and refreshments. Jasper's Mum, Missy's Mum, and Chilli chat at an ocean overlook in the background. the kids play in a water fountain. Jasper and Missy are playing with the toys they won from previous rounds of Pass the Parcel.
Buddy's Mum: "Ready for Pass the Parcel?"
Pups: "Yeah!"
Buddy: "We're doing Lucky's Dad's rules!"
Bingo drops her arms, crestfallen.
Missy & Jasper: "Hooray!"
Jasper squirts his water pistol at Missy's drone. She ducks it down, out of the way. Pat turns around, shocked - now there's a feeling of vindication.
Pat: "Did they say 'hooray'?"
The kids circle up. Buddy's Mum puts on a bouncy electronic tune, and the kids start passing.
Bingo: "Pleeeease let me win this time!"
The parcel stops on Pom Pom. She rips off a layer of paper, and then passes it on when the music starts.It stops on Chucky, who rips off a layer of paper, and then passes it on when the music starts.And then it passes Bingo, who passes it very slowly. She doesn't want to lose this chance! However, the music stops just after she lets go.
Lila: "It's me!"
Bingo looks disappointed. Lila opens the present - it's a bubble shooter.
Lila: "Ah! Bingo! Look!"
Seeing how excited Lila is, Bingo perks up.
Bingo: "Wow!"
Lila laughs, and sprays bubbles overhead.
Pups: "Oooh!"
Bingo pops a few bubbles with her finger.
Lila: "I love Lucky's Dad's rules!
Pups: "Yeah!"
Janelle: (to Pat) "What've you started?"
On the ride home, Chilli is driving once again. Bandit is eating a slice of fairy bread.
Chilli: "I'm sorry you didn't win Pass the Parcel, Bingo."
Bingo: "It's okay, I don't mind."
Chilli: "Really?"
Bingo: "Yeah. When Lila is happy, I'm happy."
Chilli: "Oh, Bingo."
Bingo: "Maybe next time."
The scene cuts to show an invitation to Pom Pom's fifth birthday. It has cut out photos showing her in a pile of plush toys, sliding down a slide, blowing bubbles, and getting her face painted with a butterfly pattern.
Chilli: (V.O.) "You know what, Bingo? I think you're getting quite good at losing."
At Pom Pom's party, the kids sit in a circle as Pom Pom's mother plays music. The parcel stops just before Bingo. Chucky wins a toy boat. He raises his arms in celebration, and Bingo smiles.
The scene cuts to Muffin's birthday invitation. Cut out photos show her screaming with a tiara and fairy wings on, about to eat a cupcake, and smiling widely, wearing face-paint and a unicorn horn.Muffin's party is under a large spreading tree at a farm. The Pony Lady is there with Buttermilk. Bluey, Juniper, Bingo, Muffin, Socks, and two kids we have not seen before sit in a circle, passing a parcel. Bandit chats with Stripe in the background, and Chilli is sitting at a picnic table with Juniper's Mum and brother.The parcel stops on Muffin - it's a stack of picture books. Her face falls. She picks one up - it's got a boring picture of a toucan on it, implying that these are educational. Muffin screams and throws the book over her head.
The scene cuts to an invitation to Missy's fifth birthday party. Photo cut outs show Missy holding hands with friends, playing in sand, building with blocks, and showing off a finger-painting of flowers.Her party is at a backyard pool. Sheila, Pat, Jasper's Mum, Bandit, and Chilli chat at a picnic table. Buddy's Mum and Pom Pom's Mum chat by the poolside. the kids pass a parcel while Missy's Mum plays the music.Bingo passes the parcel to Pom Pom, who wins a blue Chattermax. Bingo shrugs at Chilli and smiles - coming to terms with losing. Chilli smiles back.
Finally, we cut to Bluey's seventh birthday invitation. It shows Bluey at the beach, showing off her cowrie shell, Bluey playing in the creek, an instant photo of Bluey, age 1, looking at a clover, and Bluey, wearing a swim cap, proudly holding up a second-place ribbon. In the Heelers' living room, Bluey and Bingo are putting together paper chains. Chilli walks in.
Chilli: "Bluey, how do you want to do Pass the Parcel tomorrow?"
Bluey: "Um... I'll let Bingo choose."
Bingo: "Really? Thanks, Bluey."
Chilli: "Which way do you wanna play, Bingo?"
Bingo: "Hmm..."
Cut to the party, in the Heelers' backyard. Honey, Chloe, Mackenzie, Muffin, Chucky, Lucky, Bluey, Bingo, and Lila sit in a circle to play Pass the Parcel. Stripe, Trixie, Socks, Sheila, and Pat sit on the verandah steps, and Janelle sits on the paulownia tree bench. Chilli stands next to her. Bandit walks up to the kids.
Bandit: "Okay, ready for Pass the Parcel?"
Pups: "Yeah!"
Bandit: "I think it's only fitting to let Lucky's Dad do the honours."
The grown-ups cheer for Pat, who looks surprised. Trixie and Chilli pat him on the back. He stands and walks over.
Pat: "Oh, righto! Good on youse."
He takes Bandit's phone and the parcel, and hands the parcel to Lila.
Pat: "Which rules are we playin', Bluey?"
Bluey: "I left it up to Bingo to choose."
Lila: "Did you choose Lucky's Dad's rules?"
Bingo: "You'll see!"
Pat: "Well, Bingo, whatever way is okay with me."
Janelle: "What happened to raisin' a nation of squibs?"
Pat: "Ah, look. Let 'em have some fun." (to the kids) "Let's get a bit ROCKIN', eh?!"
Pat starts playing rock music. The kids start passing.
Pat: "Oh, yeah, this is a good song!"
Pat starts pumping his fist in time with the music.
Singer: ♫ Whoa, whoa, whoa... ♫
Pups: "Lucky's Dad!"
Pat: "Oh, yeah, sorry."
He pauses the music. Lila tears off a layer of wrapping paper - Lila looks under the parcel to make sure. She got...!
Lila: "Nothing!"
Everyone but Pat: "LUCKY'S DAD'S RULESSSSSS!"
Pups: "Hooray!"
Pat starts the music back up.
Pat: "YEAHHHHH!"
The parcel stops on Mackenzie - he tears off a layer of paper. Passes again.
Singer: ♫ Whoa, whoa, whoa... ♫
It stops on Bluey - she too tears off a layer of paper. Passes once more...
Singer: ♫ Yeah, oh, yeeeeah! ♫
And so, the parcel stops on Lila.
Lila: "Oh, Bingo."
Bingo: "It's okay."
Pat: "Wait for it!"
The music hadn't stopped after all - it was just a pause before the last guitar riff, catching Lila off-guard
Lila: "Ah!"
Lila passes the parcel to Bingo. The song actually ends. Bingo opens the parcel, revealing a bird-shaped kite. Bingo gasps. SHE'S FINALLY GOTTEN IT! She leans back and yells into the sky:
Bingo: "BIRDIE KITE!"
Other Pups: "Yeah!"
Pat's rock song plays over the end credits. Bingo's birdie kite flies against the sky-blue background.
Singer: ♫ Oh, yeah, yeah! Whoo! ♫
Singer: ♫ Oh, yeah! ♫
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology