The episode opens with a night view of the Heeler house, then cuts to the kids' bedroom, where Chilli is reading Bingo a bedtime story.
Chilli: And then Baby Chick hatched out of her egg.
Bingo: Oooh!
Chilli: And the first thing she saw was her Mummy Chicken.
Bingo: Yay!
Meanwhile, Bandit drags Bluey on the floor as she giggles, and places her on her bed.
Bandit: Bed. Sleep. Now.
Bluey: Aww... (Exhaustingly) But I'm not tired. (Bluey collapses to sleep as Bandit places her blanket over her.)
Bandit: (Walking to the door, whispering to Bingo) Night, Bingo.
Bingo: Night, Dad.
Chilli: So Baby Chick snuggled up her Mummy Chick and drifted off to sleep. The end. Okay, sleepytime now.
Bingo: (Pulls out a book under her pillow as Chilli is about to leave, one about outer space) Just one more!
Chilli: Bingo!
Bingo: (Doing a "cute please face") Please...! 
Chilli: Okay. One more, then sleepytime.
Bingo: Hurray!
TITLE CARD: "SLEEPYTIME"
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called, "Sleepytime".
END TITLE CARD
Chilli: And what's this planet called?
Bingo: Mercury.
Chilli: Good. And the big, hot star in the middle?
Bingo: The sun!
Chilli: That's right. Clever girl. Now, sleepytime.
Chilli kisses Bingo's forehead and turns off the bedside lamp.
Bingo: Where's Floppy?
Chilli: Ooh. Here she is.
Bingo: Floppy!
Chilli: Mustn't forget Floppy.
Bingo: Mum, I want to do a big girl sleep tonight and wake up in my own bed.
Chilli: You do your best, honey. But remember, I'm always here if you need me.
Bingo: Okay.
Chilli: Sweet dreams.
Bingo falls asleep and the camera pans onto the back of the space book. She wakes up in a dream where she hatches out of the Earth and Floppy hatches out of the moon. They hug and venture towards the sun, and past a broken Venus, where Bluey has already hatched. Cut to Bluey standing at Bandit and Chilli's bedside.
Chilli: (shrieks) Oh, Bluey.
Bluey: Can I have a drink of water?
Chilli: (yawning) Okay, honey.
Chilli gets a glass of water from the kitchen and returns to find Bluey sleeping next to Bandit. She goes to Bluey and Bingo's room and sleeps in Bluey's bed. Bingo begins to sleepwalk and dreams about finding a lonely blue planet and playing on it. In real life, she is playing tug-of-war with Bluey and Bandit over a blanket. After a minute, she floats up and sees Jupiter.
Bingo: Wow!
Bingo and Floppy run around on Jupiter, with Bluey joining in briefly, before Bandit pushes her away. In real life, Bingo is continuously kicking Bandit. Bingo then jumps on Jupiter's red dot, when in real life, she has just kicked Bandit in the groin.
Bandit: (anguished) Ohhhhh...biscuits!
Bingo and Floppy go beneath Jupiter's surface. Bandit takes Bingo back to her own bed. As he walks down the hallway, Bluey is on the toilet.
Bluey: Dad, can you sing to me?
Bandit: (singing in an exhausted tone) 99 bottles of thing on the wall, 99 bottles of thing...and if one of these bottles should happen to fall, there'll be 98 bottles of thing on the wall.
Bingo goes back to her parents' bed, and Bandit takes Bluey back to their room to find her sleeping there.
Bandit: Huh?
Bluey falls asleep on the empty side of the bed. Bandit sighs and lies down on the floor, only for Bluey to kick and fall on top of him. In Bingo's dream, she and Floppy are now on a freezing cold planet. She sleepwalks back to her own room. In the dream sequence, she flies to Saturn, where the ring is made out of other bunnies just like Floppy. She bids goodbye to Floppy, who goes into the ring.
Bingo: (crying)
Chilli wakes up and hears this, thus going to Bingo's bed and lying down right beside her. In her dream, she lands on a comet and launches towards Mercury, facing directly towards the sun.
Bingo: I have to go. I'm a big girl now.
Chilli: (background voice, echoed from the sun) Remember, I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me, because I love you.
Cut to real life, where Chilli kisses Bingo's forehead before going back to her own bed. She finds Floppy discarded in the corridor.
Chilli: Oop. Mustn't forget Floppy.
She picks Floppy up and starts bringing her back to Bingo. Meanwhile in Bingo's dream, she is trying to get back into the Earth she hatched out of, but cannot reach some of the pieces. The dream ends with Floppy and some other bunnies coming to help. Shots of the entire family sleeping are shown before the sun begins to rise, showing that Bingo is going to fulfill her promise and wake up in her own bed. Credits roll.