The episode opens with an establishing shot of Glasshouse Primary School. Coco is talking to Calypso on the deck. The Terriers are playing with the water feature. Pretzel and Winton are watching the chicken. Mackenzie, Jack, and Rusty are walking across the lawn, towards a wooden rowboat some distance from the school building. Jack is carrying a ball of string.
Jack: "Is it okay if I'm the navigator?"
Rusty: "Yeah. You know the most about space."
Jack: "Rusty, you can be the captain."
Rusty: "Okay."
Mackenzie: "What can I be?"
Jack: "How about you're the chief scientist?"
Mackenzie: "What does the chief scientist do?"
Jack: "He tries to figure out everything."
Rusty: "And he fixes stuff."
Mackenzie: "Sounds good."
They arrive at the rowboat.
Rusty: "Where are we going?"
Jack: "We could go to Mars. Or we could go to a black hole."
They climb into the rowboat.
Rusty: "Let's go to Mars. It's got aliens."
Jack sits at the front of the boat, pretending to hold a steering wheel.
Jack: "No, it doesn't."
Rusty and Mackenzie sit on the front bench, behind Jack. Mackenzie pretends to buckle a seatbelt. Jack pretends to press buttons.
Mackenzie: "What's a black hole?"
Jack: "It's a sun that got really small and makes a hole... I think."
Mackenzie: "What happens if you go in it?"
Jack: "No-one knows."
Rusty: "Has it got aliens?"
Jack: "I don't think so."
Rusty: "Then we're going to Mars!"
The camera cuts to a close up on Mackenzie. He looks down, and then off into the distance.
Jack: (off screen) "Rusty, there's no aliens on Mars."
TITLE CARD - Space
Jack: "This episode of Bluey is called:Space!"
Cut back to Jack, Mackenzie, and Rusty sitting in the rowboat. Rusty holds the imaginary steering wheel, looking determined. Jack is still pressing imaginary buttons. Mackenzie holds onto his imaginary harness, bracing himself.
Rusty: "Five!"
Jack: "Fuel supply good."
Rusty: "Four!"
Jack looks behind them.
Rusty: "Three!"
Jack: "Tower falling off."
Rusty: "Two!"
Jack braces himself in his own imaginary harness.
Jack: "Comms are go."
Rusty: "One! LAUNCH!"
They all lean back as though they're accelerating.
Jack: (imitating roaring rockets) "RRRRRRRRRRRR!"
Mackenzie: (yelling) "Ahhhh!"
Rusty: (imitating hissing gass) "Pssssssssh!"
They all jerk forward, as though acceleration has ceased.
Jack: "Set course for Mars, Dude-a-tron."
They all pretend to press buttons.
Jack: (monotone) "As you wish, Jack."
Rusty: "Chief Scientist, maybe you can—"
The camera jerks, and Mackenzie flops over backwards.
Mackenzie: "Boom!"
Rusty: "What was that!?"
Mackenzie stands up and starts rapidly pressing buttons.
Mackenzie: "We hit a meteor!"
Rusty: "Oh, no!"
Jack: (monotone) "It's actually called an asteroid."
Mackenzie ties one end of the string around the bench, and the other around his waist.
Mackenzie: "I'll do a spacewalk to make sure the ship's OK."
Mackenzie hops out of the boat and circles around behind it.
Jack: "Roger that. Be careful."
He stops, examining the stern of the boat. He pretends to use a radio.
Rusty: "Kkht. How's it looking, Chief Scientist?"
Mackenzie lies down to get a closer look at the stern.
Mackenzie: "Kkht. There's been damage to the, um..."
Jack: (monotone) "Boosters."
Mackenzie: "...boosters. I'll see if I can fix them."
Rusty: "Chht. Roger that. Dude-a-tron, are there any more meteors?"
Jack: (monotone) "Negative."
The camera jerks. Mackenzie flings himself backwards."
Mackenzie: "Boom!"
"He runs, spinning, down the hillside.
Mackenzie: "Ya-ah-ah-ah!"
Rusty, Jack: "Mackenzie!"
They run to the side of the boat. Rusty grabs the string and starts hauling Mackenzie back in.
Rusty: "I thought you said there wasn't any more meteors."
Jack: "They're called asteroids, and there wasn't."
Rusty hauls in the last of the line. Mackenzie is no longer tied to it.
Rusty: "He's not on the end of it."
Jack: "What? That's impossible."
Rusty: "I'm going out to save him!"
Rusty ties the string around his own waist and jumps out of the boat. He runs down the side of the hill.
Rusty: "Mackenzie!"
The camera cuts to a view over Jack's shoulder. Mackenzie is visible, sitting on the far side of a tree.
Jack: (monotone) "My radar says he's behind that satellite."
Rusty runs up to Mackenzie. Mackenzie is sitting in the shade, with his arms around his knees. He looks concerned.
Rusty: "Mackenzie?"
Cut back to the boat. Rusty walks back, with his arm around Mackenzie.
Rusty: "We'll have to land on the moon and fix the ship."
Cut to a moment later. All three boys are in the ship.
Jack: "Landing in three, two, one."
Jack: (landing noise) "Shhhhhew."
The three boys jiggle a little as they land softly.
Cut to a moment later. Mackenzie pretends to hammer on the side of the boat, while Jack examines the underside of a bench. In the background, Rusty does push-ups.
Jack: "Chief Scientist, why didn't Dude-a-tron see that asteroid?"
Mackenzie: "Hmm. I'm not sure. Maybe Dude-a-tron is damaged too."
Rusty stands up, and starts a karate routine.
Jack: "Maybe. But how did your tether become unhooked? They're super strong."
Rusty bows to his imaginary opponent. Jack sits up.
Jack: "Mackenzie?"
Mackenzie walks away.
Mackenzie: "Finished."
Cut to a moment later. All three boys are back in the boat, ready for launch.
Jack: "All systems checked, prepare for launch in three, two—"
Rusty: "Hey, wait, stop the ship!"
Jack: "Why?"
The camera pulls back, showing an empty seat.
Rusty: "We've lost Mackenzie!"
Cut to Mackenzie, sitting in the shade of an embankment with his arms around his knees. Rusty and Jack run up.
Rusty: "Mackenzie?"
Mackenzie stands.
Mackenzie: "Why did you leave me behind?"
Rusty: "What!? We didn't."
Mackenzie points at Rusty, accusingly.
Mackenzie: "You did. You left me behind on purpose."
Rusty: "Why would we do that?"
Mackenzie: "I don't know."
Rusty: "This is crazy."
Jack: "Mackenzie, your tether didn't break, did it? You unhooked it."
Rusty: "Is that true, Chief Scientist?"
Mackenzie: "Yes."
Jack and Rusty gasp.
Mackenzie: "I want to pretend that you leave me behind and I'm all alone."
Rusty: "Why?"
Mackenzie: "I don't know."
Rusty rubs the back of his neck.
Rusty: "Well, I'm not sure we can pretend that."
Jack: "Yeah, to get to Mars, we need a chief scientist to put us into hypersleep."
Rusty nods.
Mackenzie: "Oh, okay."
Rusty takes Mackenzie's hand and helps him climb up the embankment.
Mackenzie: "Are you sure we can't go to the black hole?"
They walk back towards the boat.
Rusty: "No, it doesn't have aliens."
Jack rolls his eyes.
Jack: "Neither does Mars."
Cut back to the boat. All three boys lie down on the bottom of the boat.
Mackenzie: "Dude-a-tron, prepare crew for hypersleep."
Jack: (monotone) "Yes, Chief Scientist."
All three slowly close their eyes.
Cut to a shot of the sky. A pair of birds fly past. Cut to an empty green field. The grass ripples in the wind. Cut to a side shot of the boat. The boys' snouts are visible over the side.
Cut to the interior of the boat. The camera pans across Jack's face, then Rusty, then on to Mackenzie. Mackenzie opens his eyes and stands up. He walks to the prow of the boat and pretends to press buttons.
Mackenzie: "Dude-a-tron, I want to change course."
Jack: (monotone) "What is the new destination?"
Mackenzie stares into the distance.
Mackenzie: "The black hole."
Cut to another shot of the sky. The camera pans down, showing the boat.
Jack: (monotone) "Bip, dip, dip. Hypersleep interrupted."
Jack and Rusty open their eyes.
Rusty: "Hmm. Are we at Mars?"
Jack: "I don't think so. Dude-a-tron, what's going on? And where's Mackenzie?"
Rusty sits up and looks over the side. Jack joins him a moment later. The string trails over the edge of the boat, and off behind the camera.
Rusty: "Oh, not again."
Cut to Mackenzie. He stares into a tunnel made of tractor tires. The camera is inside the tunnel, framing him in concentric circles. The camera cuts to a shot behind him. The tunnel is embedded in a small hill, with a brightly painted wooden bridge over it. The light from the far side of the tunnel is too bright to make anything out.
Jack and Rusty, with their own strings tied around their waists, run up to Mackenzie.
Rusty: "Mackenzie!"
Mackenzie: "What are you doing here?"
Rusty: "We know you're about to go into the black hole."
Jack: "We've come to stop you."
Mackenzie turns away from them, back towards the tunnel.
Mackenzie: "But I want to go in. I have to."
Rusty: "Why?"
Mackenzie's expression changes from concern to determination.
Mackenzie: "Because I'm the chief scientist. It's my job to figure everything out."
Rusty: "Well, we're coming with you."
Jack: "What!?"
Mackenzie holds up his hands, gesturing to stay back.
Mackenzie: "It's too dangerous. I'll go in alone."
Rusty: "But what do we do?"
Mackenzie: "You go to Mars without me."
Rusty pauses for a moment.
Rusty: "Are you sure?"
Mackenzie: "I'm sure."
Rusty: "Okay."
Rusty salutes. Mackenzie nods. He turns back towards the tunnel and unties the string from his waist.
Jack: "You're just going to let him go?"
Rusty: "It's what he wants to play."
Slowly, Mackenzie walks into the tunnel. As he reaches the end, he holds up his hands to shield his eyes from the light. The sounds of giggling children can be heard. Mackenzie walks into the light, which flares and whites out the screen.
The camera rushes down a tunnel of concentric circles of pink, blue, and yellow, ending in a bright light.
Mackenzie, as a toddler, exits the slide. He holds up his hands in joy, but then his face falls. The camera pulls back - he is in a fenced play area. The silhouettes of shoppers can be faintly seen in the background.
Toddler Mackenzie: "Mum?"
He looks around.
Toddler Mackenzie: "Muuum?"
Cut back to the boat. Jack and Rusty climb in and untie their tethers. Rusty pretends to push buttons.
Jack: "Reset course to Mars, Dude-a-tron."
Jack: (monotone) "Yes, Jack. But where is the chief scientist?"
Rusty: "He's gone."
Jack: (monotone) "Are you sure you still want to go to Mars without him?"
Cut back to toddler Mackenzie in the play area. He sits sadly at the bottom of the slide. He looks up, and an adult's shadow approaches him from behind the camera.
Cut to Mackenzie's perspective. Calypso emerges from a blinding light.
Cut back to a side view. Calypso kneels down in front of Mackenzie.
Calypso: "Are you okay?"
Toddler Mackenzie: "My mum left me behind."
Calypso: "She didn't. You just got mixed up in the slide."
Calypso points behind him.
Calypso: "She's just over there."
The camera pulls back. Mackenzie's mum stands just on the other side of the fence, perhaps five metres away.
Mackenzie's Mum: "Mackenzie!"
Mackenzie gets off the slide and turns around. He waves, smiling.
Mackenzie: "Hey, Mum!"
Mackenzie's mum waves back.
Calypso: "See? There she is." 
She waits a moment.
Calypso: "Mackenzie."
Mackenzie turns back to Calypso.
Calypso: "You know what's here now. You don't need to keep coming back to this place."
Mackenzie nods.
Toddler Mackenzie: "Okay."
Calypso shoos Mackenzie away as she stands.
Calypso: "Now, run, Mackenzie, go!"
Three figures emerge out of the light behind Calypso: Bluey, Indy, and Chloe, wearing faerie wings and deely bobber antennae.
Calypso: "Get out of here!"
Fully back in the present, the girls run towards Mackenzie. This side of the tunnel is painted bright pink and surrounded by flowers.
Chloe: "Come on, come and play!"
Mackenzie: "Aah! No, I have to go!"
The girls grab Mackenzie's hand and try to pull him forward.
Bluey, Chloe, Indy: "Wooo, oooh, oooh!"
Mackenzie: "Let go!"
Rusty runs through the tunnel, with a tether around his waist."
Rusty: "Mackenzie, come on!"
Rusty grabs Mackenzie's free hand. They tug him back and forth.
Mackenzie: "Rusty! Help!"
Rusty: "Aaah!"
Mackenzie: "Aliens!"
The boys win the tug of war. They stumble backwards into the tunnel. The girls fall down. Bluey laughs.
On the far side of the tunnel, Jack hauls on Rusty's tether. He grunts with effort.
Mackenzie and Rusty come tumbling out of the tunnel.
Mackenzie: "Aah!"
Mackenzie and Rusty stand. Jack runs up and hugs Mackenzie.
Jack: "Mackenzie! You made it back."
Rusty and Mackenzie are visibly excited, tails wagging.
Mackenzie: "Yeah!"
Rusty: "And there were aliens!"
Jack: "No way!"
Mackenzie: Yeah! Loads of them."
Jack: "Wow!"
Rusty: "Yeah, their wings were weird!"
Mackenzie: "Yeah, they..."
The scene fades out. As the new scene fades in, Rusty, and Jack climb back into the boat. They haul in their tethers. Mackenzie stops outside the boat, staring off into the distance.
Rusty: "Come on. We should have enough petrol left to get to Mars."
Jack: "Dude-a-tron, can you do a crew check?"
Jack: (monotone) "Yes, Jack. Captain."
Rusty: "Here."
Jack: (monotone) "Navigator."
Jack: "Here."
Jack: (monotone) "Chief Scientist."
The camera cuts to look over Mackenzie's shoulder. He looks off towards the tunnel; a bright light shines through it. The camera cuts to Mackenzie's face. He turns around and climbs into the boat.
Mackenzie: "Here."
The episode theme plays over the credits. A ball of string rolls in from screen left, unrolling as it goes.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket