The episode opens on a shady field on the Brisbane riverfront. Bandit is cooking sausages on a grill, while Mackenzie's Dad talks to him. Next to them, Frank is breaking up a bag of ice by dropping it on the ground. Chilli, Mackenzie's Mum, and Daisy are sitting in a circle of camp chairs, laughing. Marcus and Chloe's Mum are standing nearby, talking. All of the adults except Frank have a drink. In the background, a City Cat and a sailboat float past.
Daisy holds out her empty wine glass.
Daisy: (to Marcus) "Marcus, can you get me a drink, please?"
Marcus: (to Daisy) "Coming, honey."
Bandit: (to Frank) "Hey, can you grab us the onions?"
Frank: (to Bandit) "Get 'em yourself."
Bandit: (sarcastically) "Oh, yeah, that's real friendly."
The shot changes to show Frank and a cooler behind him. Mackenzie pokes his head out from behind the cooler. He reaches out, and plucks a stray hair from Frank's leg.
The shot changes to Chilli, Mackenzie's Mum, and Daisy talking and laughing. Bluey sneaks behind them, and plucks a hair from Chilli's knee.
Chilli: "Oh!"
She slaps her knee, as though killing a mosquito. She then looked to where she heard footsteps.
TITLE CARD - Spy Game
The episode title card shows a stack of rocks.
Bluey: "This episode of Bluey is called: Spy Game."
The shot changes to show the whole group. Mackenzie and Bluey escape the adults unnoticed, running to the right. They are holding up their stolen hairs.
Bluey: "I got my mum!"
Mackenzie: "I got Chloe's dad!"
They encounter Chloe and Honey. They have stern expressions. Honey holds her hand out, gesturing "halt". Bluey and Mackenzie stop.
Honey: "Stop! What's the password!"
Bluey: "Um..."
Chloe takes a step forward and whispers in Bluey's ear.
Chloe: (whispering) "Zebra."
Bluey: "Zebra."
Chloe and Honey relax.
Honey: "Correct. You may enter."
Bluey and Mackenzie run past them.
The shot changes to the base of a large tree. Bingo is standing next to a metal tray full of grass and seeds; she tosses in another handful of grass. Bluey and Mackenzie arrive. Bluey takes the hair from Mackenzie.
Bluey: "Here's the samples, Bingo."
Bluey hands Bingo the hairs.
Bingo: "My name is Sparkleshot."
Bingo drops the hairs into the tray and dusts off her hands.
Bluey: "Good one, Bingo."
Bluey pats Bingo on the head, causing Bingo to growl from the condescending gesture.
Bluey: "Now, I'm gonna go and get Dad's sample."
Bluey and Mackenzie turn and walk away. Bingo follows and stops them. Mackenzie looks back and forth.
Bingo: "Bluey, can I get Dad?"
Bluey: "No, Mackenzie and I are the spies. Your job is to gather grass for the potion."
Bingo: "Awww."
Mackenzie: "What if we don't need a potion?"
Mackenzie looks around, finding a stick. He picks it up and shows it to them.
Mackenzie: "What about if we use this wand instead?"
Bluey: "I already told you. Only potion grass can control grown-ups."
Mackenzie: "Oh yeah, that's right."
Mackenzie chucks the stick over his shoulder.
Bluey: "So, you go and get some more potion grass, Bingo. Yeah, yeah?"
Bingo: (wearily) "Okay."
Bluey: "Let's go, Mackenzie!"
Bluey and Mackenzie run back to the barbecue, passing the guards. There is an animation error here: pay attention to Chloe and Honey when Bluey runs past, they immediately snap to another position. Chloe is now looking around theatrically.
Honey: "New password is, uh..."
Bluey and Mackenzie run offscreen. Honey cups her hands around her mouth.
Honey: (yelling) "DIPLODOCUS!"
Chloe winces. The scene changes to Bandit, cooking sausages, and Mackenzie's dad, spectating. A red brick building is visible behind them - the Brisbane Powerhouse. Bluey is hiding behind a plastic tote.
Bandit: "Where's that sausage tray gone?"
Mackenzie's Dad: "You don't know what you're doing. Oh, you're burning them. You're burning them!"
Bandit turns a few sausages. Bluey crawls out from behind the tote and slowly approaches him.
Bandit: "They'll be right."
Mackenzie's dad puts a paw up and rolls his eyes. Bluey reaches for Bandit's tail.
Bingo: "Dad!"
Bluey freezes. Bingo runs up behind them both, hands on her stomach.
Bingo: "I need the toilet. I'm busting."
Bandit turns around and notices Bluey, crouched down behind him.
Bandit: "Hey, what are you kids doing down there?"
Bluey gets up to admonish Bingo.
Bluey: (annoyed) "Bingo! You're meant to be getting potion grass."
Bingo: "I don't want to collect potion grass anymore. And my name is Sparkleshot."
Bluey growls and folds her arms, turning her back on Bingo.
Bluey: "You're not playing spies anymore."
Bingo: "Good."
Bandit passes the tongs to Mackenzie's Dad.
Bandit: "Come on, Bingo."
Mackenzie's Dad gets a big grin on his face and immediately starts turning sausages.
Bandit: (to Mackenzie's Dad) "Don't turn those top ones yet!"
Mackenzie's dad stops and looks ahead.
Bluey: "Good riddance."
Bluey has a realization.
Bluey: "Oh. Who's gonna get the potion grass?"
The scene changes back to the guard station. Bluey and Mackenzie run up. Honey and Chloe gesture for them to stop.
Honey: (yelling shrilly) "PASSWORD!"
Chloe winces.
Bluey: "Diplodocus. Bingo's not playing anymore. Honey, you have to get the potion grass now."
Honey jumps at Bluey's new game change.
Honey: "What? But I'm a guard!"
Bluey: "Not anymore."
Honey: "Aw."
Honey turns to Chloe.
Honey: "Uh, Chloe, do you mind getting the potion grass?"
Chloe runs a paw on her ear.
Chloe: "Um, no thanks. I like being a guard, too."
Honey: "But I can shout "password" the loudest, though."
Honey: (at the top of her lungs) "PASSWOOOOOOOORD!"
A trio of startled crows fly away. Mackenzie, Bluey, and Chloe cover their ears.
Mackenzie: "What if we don't need potion grass? We just use..."
Mackenzie looks around again and spots an empty packet of chips, running over to pick it up.
Mackenzie: "...this chip packet."
Bluey: "That won't work."
Honey: "It might. They're barbecue flavour."
Chloe: "And the parents are having a barbecue."
Mackenzie: "Let's try it."
The scene changes to the base of the tree. The kids run up, and Mackenzie throws the chip packet into the tray. Mackenzie, Chloe, and Honey wave their hands around and make magic-sounding noises.
Honey, Chloe: "Whoo! Whoo!"
Bluey: "But who's gonna stand guard?"
Mackenzie: "You do it, Bluey. I'm off to spy."
Mackenzie runs off to grab more hairs.
Bluey: "Hey, what?"
The shot pulls back to show Mackenzie still running off."
Bluey: (yelling after Mackenzie) "But I'm a spy!"
The shot changes to a close up on Bluey. She crosses her arms and looks away grumpily.
Bluey: "Hmph. The password is 'grumpy.'"
The scene changes to show Bandit, leaning on the outside of a public toilet building. He looks bored.
Bingo: (offscreen) ♫ "One man went to mow, went to mow a meadow. One man and his dog - arf! - went to mow a meadow." ♫
Bandit: "How you going in there, Bingo? I can feel my sausages burning."
Bingo: (offscreen) "I started just doing a wee, and now it's turned into a poo."
Bandit groans.
Bingo: (offscreen) ♫ "Two men went to mow, went to mow a meadow." ♫
The scene changes, back to the barbecue. Mackenzie's dad is manning the barbecue, talking to Frank and Marcus. Frank laughs at something Mackenzie's dad said. Chilli and Mackenzie's mum are talking in the foreground. The shot changes to a close-up of Marcus' tail. Mackenzie's hand appears from behind a cooler and plucks a hair.
The shot changes, to a close up on Mackenzie's Dad. Mackenzie plucks a hair from his tail and runs off. As Mackenzie runs off, Mackenzie's Dad's tail flutters around a bit.
The shot changes to the base of the tree. Mackenzie runs right past Bluey's guard station - Bluey does not try to stop him - to the tray, and drops the hairs in. Chloe waves her hands about
Bluey: "Okay, now you stand guard, Mackenzie, and I'll go get some more."
Bluey starts walking away.
Honey: "Chloe's almost finished the spell!"
Bluey stops. Mackenzie grabs a pinecone.
Mackenzie: "Let's put this pinecone in, too."
Mackenzie drops the pinecone into the tray.
Chloe: "Pa-choo! It's ready!"
Honey: "Whee! Now we can control the grown-ups!"
Mackenzie: "I'm first!"
Mackenzie jumps and runs around to the side of the tray. He grabs two sticks that have been stuck in the ground, using them as "control levers." Honey and Chloe watch him go over.
Mackenzie: "Okay, Bluey's mum:"
The shot changes to Mackenzie's point of view. In an animation error, Bandit is shown standing at the barbecue; he should still be at the toilet block. Mackenzie's Dad and Marcus are also at at the barbecue, listening to what Bandit is saying; Daisy, Frank, Mackenzie's Mum, and Chilli are sitting in the camping chair, talking and laughing.
Mackenzie: "Get up and dance around!"
Coincidentally, Daisy stands up and starts dancing.
Daisy: "Whoo-hoo!"
The adults all cheer her on, whooping and encouraging her.
Marcus: "Go, Daisy!"
Chilli: "Shake it!"
Mackenzie: "No, not 'Honey's mum.' I said, "Bluey's mum."
The shot changes back to third person. Mackenzie tries to thrust the sticks forward to see if anything changes.
Honey: "It's not working properly. Let me try!"
Honey tries to take the controls. Mackenzie pushes back, shoulder checking her.
Honey: "Yow!"
Mackenzie: (yelling) "I'm going first!"
Honey: "Let me try! Yow!"
The shot changes back to Mackenzie's point of view. Honey is grabbing at the lever with both hands, Daisy is still dancing.
The shot changes back to third person. Honey and Mackenzie are shoving back and forth and arguing.
Chloe: "Maybe we need another pinecone."
Bluey groans and walks away. Chloe looks away awkwardly as Mackenzie and Honey still fight over the controls.
The scene changes to inside the toilet block. Bandit is holding Bingo up so she can reach the soap dispenser. She has already dispensed a large amount of soap. She continues pressing the button, soap overflowing her hand onto the floor.
Bingo: "Little bit more. Little bit more."
Bluey: "Hey, Bluey. You need the toilet, too?"
Bandit moves a little, and Bingo flails around trying to reach the soap dispenser again.
Bluey: "No one's playing the game properly."
Bandit adjusts his grip, getting Bingo back to the soap dispenser. She keeps going, soap pouring onto the floor.
Bandit: "Ah, is this the spy game?"
Bluey: "Yeah, no one's doing their jobs."
Bandit: "And when did this start happening?"
Bluey: "Hmm, it started when... Bingo stopped playing."
Bingo stops dispensing soap.
Bingo: "Finished!"
The scene changes to outside the toilet block. Bluey and Bandit walk out, Bingo runs ahead, giggling.
Bandit: "Check this out."
Bandit kneels down, and builds a stack of rocks.
Bandit: "We're dogs, kid. We all have a place in the pack. Now, look what happens when I take the bottom one out."
Bandit removes the bottom rock, and the stack falls over.
Bandit: "Does that make sense?"
Bluey: "No."
Bandit: "Okay, just do your best, kid."
Bandit pats her on the head and walks off.
The angle changes, showing Bingo in the background. She is demonstrating ballet positions for an imaginary audience in the New Farm Park Rotunda.
Bingo: "Then there's... this one..."
Bingo takes second position.
Bingo: "...and this one."
Bingo takes third Position.
Bingo: "And this one."
Bingo takes fourth position. Watching her, Bluey smiles.
The shot changes to show Bluey next to Bingo in the rotunda. Bingo is doing a plié.
Bluey: "Bingo, can you come and play with us again?"
Bingo stops demonstrating ballet.
Bingo: "Bluey, I'm Sparkleshot. I've told you this before."
Bluey: "Sorry. Do you still want to play?"
Bluey reaches out her hand, and Bingo takes it.
Bingo: "Well, can I get to do a spy?"
Bluey: "Well, no."
Bingo drops Bluey's hand and looks away.
Bingo: "Aww."
Bluey: "But I promise, I'll think of something really fun."
Bluey puts out both her hands. Bingo puts her hands in Bluey's and lifts her leg, possibly attempting a penché.
The scene cuts to the base of the tree. Honey and Mackenzie are struggling for the controls. But this time, Chloe has joined the fight over the controls, and it's a full-on shoving match.
Chloe: "Mackenzie!"
Mackenzie: "I'm going first!"
Honey: "No, no, I can do it!"
Chloe: "Honey!"
Honey: "Let me try!"
Chloe: "My turn first!"
Mackenzie: "Aaaah!"
Honey: "It's not working properly."
They lose their balance and all three fall away from the controls. Just then, Bluey and Bingo arrive.
Bluey: "Look who's back!"
Chloe, Honey, Mackenzie: "Bingo!"
Chloe, Honey, and Mackenzie run over to hug her while giggling.
The shot changes to a close up on Bluey. She raises a finger confidently.'
Bluey: "Okay, here's the plan."
The shot changes to Bluey's point of view. She points at Mackenzie.
Bluey: "Mackenzie, you and me are going to do the last spy."
Mackenzie smiles and gives Bluey a double thumbs-up. Bluey points at Honey and Chloe.
Bluey: "Honey and Chloe, stand guard."
Honey and Chloe nod. Bluey points at Bingo.
Bluey: "And Bingo, you get the potion grass."
Chloe, Honey, Mackenzie, Bingo: "Yeah!"
The scene changes to the barbecue. Bandit and Mackenzie's dad are talking. Bluey and Mackenzie pop out from behind the cooler."
Mackenzie's Dad: (to Bandit) "He was thinking, 'I'm not going—'"
Bluey and Mackenzie scurry behind the barbecue. Mackenzie does a ninja roll on the way."
Mackenzie's Dad: "—and I was like 'Yes, you are.'"
Bandit: (laughing) "Hoo hoo hoo."
Mackenzie's dad smiles and closes his eyes. A sound effect suggests that Bandit's hair has been plucked.
Bandit: "Ah, mozzie!"
Bandit slaps at his leg.
The scene changes to the riverbank. Bingo does a little dance and then picks a handfull of grass.
The scene changes to the guard station. Chloe and Honey are marching back and forth. Frank walks up but Chloe and Honey turn and confront him.
Chloe, Honey: "Password!"
Frank stops in his tracks.
Frank: "Sweetie, we need the sausage tray."
Chloe and Honey advance a step."
Chloe, Honey: "Pass! Word!"
Frank flinches back.
Frank: "Uh, 'sausage tray?'"
Honey stamps her foot.
Honey: "Wrong! That's not the password!"
Frank backs away.
Frank: "Aw, never mind, I'll use something else."
The scene changes to the sausage tray at the base of the tree. Bandit tosses in the potion grass. Mackenzie runs up and grabs the controls.
Mackenzie: "I'm going first."
Honey runs up and grabs one of the controls.
Honey: "No, I'm going first!"
Chloe approaches and reaches for a control.
Chloe: "No, me!"
Honey pushes her back.
Honey: "I know how to do it."
Chloe growls.
Honey tries to pry Mackenzie off the controls. The fighting has started yet again.
Mackenzie: "I'm going fiiiirst!"
Chloe tries to get down underneath Honey to grab the controls. Bluey arrives, and the fighting pauses.
Bluey: "Noooo, Bingo's going first."
Bingo: "For real life?"
Bluey: "For real life."
Bingo: "Oh, thanks, Bluey."
Mackenzie, Honey, and Chloe let go of the controls and start cheering for Bingo.
Honey: "Go, Bingo!"
Chloe: "Yeah!"
Mackenzie: "Yeah, Bingo!"
Chloe: "Bingo!"
Bingo takes the controls while Bluey, Chloe, Honey and Mackenzie crowd around her to watch.
Bingo: "Okay, grown-ups:"
The shot changes to Bingo's perspective. The adults have all gathered at the camp chairs, except Marcus who is walking back to the group from offscreen. No one is minding the sausages. Bingo thrusts both control levers forward.
Bingo: "Go crazy!"
The sausages catch fire. Bandit turns and screams. The adults jump to their feet, knocking over several chairs. Mackenzie's Dad runs up to the grill to help. Bandit tries to grab a sausage with the tongs, but he's not willing to get close enough to the fire to actually grab a sausage. Mackenzie's Dad jumps anxiously from one foot to the other, but can't do anything useful. The other adults start laughing. Frank and Chilli run up - Frank blows and waves his hand at the fire. Chilli pours a bottle of wine on the fire, dousing it. The grown-ups cheer."
The scene changes back to the kids at the sausage tray. The kids laugh and cheer at the success of their potion.
Mackenzie: "Whoa! It worked!"
Chloe giggles happily as Bluey puts her arm around Bingo's shoulder.
Bluey: "Well done Bingo — ooh, I mean Sparkleshot."
Bluey musses Bingo's hair. This causes Bingo to giggle.
The camera pulls back to show all the characters in the same shot. The kids are still at their tree, giggling and cheering. Daisy is with Marcus, who can be seen staring at something in the distance. Chilli is with Frank, Bandit and Mackenzie's Dad at the grill. Mackenzie's mum is talking and laughing with Chloe's mum.
Mackenzie's Dad: "Nice one, Bandit."
Someone: "Get him!"
Several Adults: "Yeah!"
Daisy: "Looks like we're gonna have pizza, kids!"
Frank and Bandit chase Mackenzie's Dad over to the tree. Mackenzie's Dad braces to be tackled, and Bandit hesitates - and Frank tackles Bandit from behind instead. Mackenzie's Dad jumps on top of the pile.
The music during the credits is an accordion and flute arrangement of the episode music.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Café | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheepdog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology
Burger Dog | Bingo 3000 | Letter | Hungry | Animals | Muffin Unboxing | Three Pigs | Tattoo Shop | Phoney | Blocks | Government | Drums | Browny Bear | Whirlpool
Bluey miscellaneous transcripts
Unnamed 2016 Pilot Episode | The Weekend (Pilot Cut) | Bluey's Big Play | Bluey: The Videogame