Episode
Gallery
Script
Calypso (Voiceover): One day Indy's class were making animals out of beeswax.
Calypso (Voiceover): The Terriers were making Piranhas.
The Terriers: Gnash! Gnash! Gnash!
Calypso (Voiceover): Bluey was making a whale.
Calypso: And Winton was..
Winton: Achoo!
Bluey: Ah!
Winton: Booger!
The Class: Ewww!
Calypso: Well, Winton was Winton.
Calypso: And Indy, the hero of this story, was making a horse. She worked at it very hard.
Calypso: First she built the body.
Calypso (VoiceOver) (continued): Then the legs... then the tail... and finally, the head.
Indy: Horsie! Neigh!
Calypso: She was very happy with it.
Indy: Hey, Bluey, Look!
Bluey: Ooh, wow!
Calypso: But, there was a problem.
Bluey: That's a great cow, Indy!
Indy: Cow? 
Calypso: Indy's horse looked like a cow.cow.
Rusty: Nice cow, Indy!
Indy: It's not a cow, it's a horse!
Chloe: No, that's a cow.
Indy: Winton?
Winton: Yes?
Indy: Winton..
Coco: Winton, why cant you just be good?
Winton: Because i'm not good.
Calypso: Indy was very upset.
Calypso: She was so upset, when her teacher came to see if she was alright, Indy said:
Indy: I don't want to make animals out of beeswax ever again.
Calypso: Ah, goodness me, tell me why, Indy.
Indy: Because my horse looks like a cow!
[Calypso takes the horse and looks at it then puts in on the mini table
Calypso: And why do you think that is?
Indy: Because.. 
Calypso: And then, Indy said something very sad.
Indy: I'm not very good..
Winton: PFFFTT! Plop! Hahaha!
Calypso: So, rather then work at it, Indy never made anything out of beeswax ever again.
Indy: What? Why?
Calypso: Because she told herself she wasn't very good.
Indy: Oh, yeah I did. And its true, i'm not.
Calypso: The End.
Indy: I don't like that story, Calypso.
Calypso: me neither, but it's your story.
Winton: I liked how I was in it.
Indy: I don't like how Indy gives up
Calypso: Well can't you just tell a different story
Winton: Yeah and make me really muscly please
Indy: uh ok
TITLE CARD-STORIES
Indy : This episode of Bluey is called Stories