 
Episode
Gallery
Script
 
The episode begins with Bluey and Bingo playing Miss Mary Mack on the seat surrounding the big tree in the backyard.
Bluey and Bingo: (singing) Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack, all dressed in bla-
The two are interrupted by Bandit and Stripe, in celebration of their upcoming Stumpfest.
Bandit: (yelling) Stumpfest!
Stripe: Yeah, Stumpfest! Whoo!
Bluey: (confused) What's going on?
Muffin: (excited) Stumpfest! (stumbles) Oof!
TITLE CARD: Stumpfest
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Stumpfest.
END TITLE CARD
The scene cuts to Bluey, Bingo and Muffin with Bandit, Stripe and a tree stump.
Bluey: (confused) What's Stumpfest?
Bandit: Well, we're gonna rip up this stump, and then, that stump.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Ooh!
Stripe: Put on some tunes, you kids'll play...
Pat appears, climbing over his fence.
Pat: And the ladies watch us get all sweaty! Right, ladies?!
The scene cuts to Chilli and Trixie on the balcony, looking down on the event.
Chilli: You got it, Lucky's dad!
Chilli and Trixie cheer the boys on, to which they reply with another cheer. Bandit reveals his axe.
Bandit: Now, let's kick this off!
Bandit makes a mark in the stump with his axe. The girls run away screaming and laughing, finding another stump to hide behind.
Bingo: What do we play?
Bluey: Ooh, I know! Let's set up a nail salon on this stump.
Bingo and Muffin: Yeah!
Bluey: Dad! We're just gonna use this stump for our nail salon.
Bandit: That's fine, Bluey, but you've got 'til we've finished with this stump, okay?
Bluey: Okay!
In the background, Pat and Stripe are working on removing a stump.
Bandit: 'Cause then, we're gonna come and do that one.
Bluey: Yep.
Bandit: So, you understand that eventually, we're gonna come and rip up that stump.
Bluey: Yes, I got it!
Bandit: 'Cause it's Stumpfest, and that's a stump.
Bluey: Got it; Stumpfest.
The scene cuts to the stump that the girls plan to build a nail salon on.
Bluey: Okay, let's start the nail bar.
Bingo and Muffin: Hooray!
The girls set up their nail salon, painting and decorating the stump in the process.
Meanwhile, Pat and Stripe are playing around while Bandit works on removing a stump.
The scene then cuts to Chilli getting her nails painted by Bluey at the salon stump.
Chilli: Oh, great finish.
Trixie: Thanks, ladies.
Chilli: I told you this place was great.
Chilli and Trixie leave the salon as the walk back to the balcony.
Bluey: Come back soon!
Bingo: We need more customers.
Bluey turns to Bandit, seeing as him and the boys are the only ones around that haven't visited.
Bluey: Dad! Can you be our customer?
Bandit: Nah; stump.
The scene cuts to Pat and Stripe, who have almost removed the first stump.
Stripe: (to Pat) Oh, you've almost got it, you've almost got it!
Pat successfully lifts the stump, and the boys cheer in celebration. Chilli and Trixie cheer for the removal as well,
Bandit: Yes!
Stripe: Take that, stump!
Back at the salon stump, Bluey reconsiders her plan.
Bluey: (to Muffin) We'll just do your toenails.
Muffin: Okay!
Bluey: (as she paints) So, been up to much?
Muffin: No.
Bluey: Oh, that's very interesting.
Bandit, Stripe and Pat arrive, looking to remove the salon stump.
Bandit: Hi.
Bluey: Ooh, hello! Are you here to have your nails done?
Bandit: Well, no; we're not here to have our nails done.
Stripe: We're here for that stump.
Bandit: As I'm sure you are aware.
Bluey: (in shock) Excuse me? It's the first I've heard about all this.
Bandit: You guys need to move the beauty parlour so we can rip up that stump.
Bingo: It's not a beauty parlour; it's a nail salon.
Muffin: And it's our nail salon!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Yeah!
Bandit: Bluey, I was pretty clear: you could use this stump for your nail bar for as long as it took us to rip up that stump.
Bluey: I don't remember agreeing to that!
Bandit: Well, I do. Now, come on. Vamoose!
The girls rush to protect their salon stump.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: No!
Bandit: Get outta the way!
Bluey: (to Bingo and Muffin) Everyone, link arms!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Hmm!
Bluey: Save our stump!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: (chanting) Save our stump!
Bandit: Outta the way, kids!
The girls keep chanting as they block the boys' path.
Bandit: (yelling) Chilli!
The scene cuts to the ladies on the balcony.
Chilli: (joking) Oh, leave them alone!
Trixie nods to that statement.
Bandit, Pat and Stripe: What?!
Chilli: They're just trying to run a small business!
Trixie: Go and destroy the planet somewhere else!
Stripe: Destroy the planet?
Pat: It's a stump!
Chilli: Oh, leave that poor stump alone.
Bandit: You're the one who wanted it gone!
Chilli: (to Trixie) Oh, yeah, that's true; I want to put in a fish pond.
Trixie: Oh!
Chilli: (to the boys) Booooo!
Trixie: Save our stump!
Bluey, Bingo, Muffin, Chilli and Trixie: (chanting) Save our stump!
Bandit: Okay, the optics on this aren't good.
Stripe: We can take 'em!
Bandit: Nup, nup. Back up, fellas. Back up! (to the girls) Kids, let's calm this down. Is there anything we can do to settle this?
Bluey: Hmm... One second.
The girls huddle to figure out a negotiation.
Bluey: (whispering) What do you reckon?
Bingo: (whispering) They should be our customers.
Bluey: (to Bandit) Okay, we'll let you have the stump if you'll be our customers.
Bandit: You mean, you'd do our nails?
Bingo: Fingers and toes.
Bluey: And face make-up.
Bandit: Oh, man. The boys aren't gonna like this.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: (all giggling)
Stripe: Oh, man!
Pat: What?! No way! I don't wanna get my nails done!
Bandit: This is the best we're gonna get.
"Bandit walks up to Bingo, Bluey and Muffin to negotiate."
Bandit: OK, fingers and toes, but no face make-up.
Bluey: "One" face make-up.
"Bandit facepalms himself."
Bandit: Ugh! OK, deal.
"Bluey, Bingo and Muffin run up to the stump while giggling and start preparing."
Pat: "(annoyed)" But no unicorns!
"The scene cuts to Bluey, Bingo and Muffin doing make-up on their dads and Pat; with Bluey applying Bandit's make-up, Bingo painting Pat's fingernails and Muffin painting Stripe's toenails."
Bingo: Oh, delightful!
Muffin: Hold still, Daddy!
Bluey: Ooh, this will do wonders for your skin.
"The scene cuts to Trixie and Chilli; with Chilli recording the entire session on her phone."
Chilli: Don't forget the eyeliner!
"The scene then cuts back to the kids, their dads and Pat."
Bluey: Ooh, yeah!
Pat: Looking good, Bandit.
Bandit: Just... don't, OK?
Bingo: Finished!
"The boys stand up."
Stripe: Alright, let's get this stump!
Pat: Yeah!
"Bingo and Muffin run away screaming."
Bluey: No, wait. Not yet!
Bandit: "(annoyed)" Bluey!
"Bluey stands on the stump."
Bluey: I've changed my mind. I want to keep playing nail salon.
"Pat slowly walks away sideways from the stump."
Bandit: "(annoyed)" We had a deal.
"Chilli walks up to the stump."
Chilli: Come on, Bluey. You "did" make a promise.
Bluey: "(sadly)" Ohh...
"Chilli and Bluey walk up to their steps and sit and watch the boys rip the stump."
Bluey: Why do they have to disturb our game?
Chilli: Well, Dad "did" warn you.
Bluey: But we were playing. You shouldn't interrupt people when they're playing.
Chilli: I agree, which is why I stopped you from disturbing them.
Bluey: "(confused)" What?! But they're not playing.
Chilli: Yeah, they are.
Bluey: They're not. They're ripping up stumps! That's not playing.
Chilli: Are you sure?
Bluey: I'm sure. I'm suring my little head off.
Chilli: Alright, just watch them for a bit.
"The scene cuts to the boys, with Bandit trying to rip the stump, but Pat and Stripe are discussing combat skills."
"'Bandit:'" Come on! Urgh!
Stripe: "(to Pat)" Hey, just try and hit me. I wanna show you something.
Pat: Alright.
"Pat puts his fist out."
Stripe: N-Nah, not like that.
Pat: That's how I hit.
Stripe: Like this.
"Pat grabs him throws him over."
Stripe: Ohh! What are you doing?
"The scene cuts back to Bluey and Chilli."
Pat: Oh, sorry. My instincts took over.
"Bandit pokes Pat in the bum with his crowbar, making him and Stripe laugh at the situation."
"'Pat:'" Oh, stop! Stop!
"In that moment, Bluey eventually realised the reality of Stumpfest itself."
Bluey: Oh, they "are" playing!
Chilli: See? It just looks a bit different for grown-ups.
Bluey: They weren't disturbing our stump game; we were disturbing theirs.
"Bingo, Trixie and Muffin walk outside; with Bingo and Muffin charging towards the garden dressed up as Ninjas with swords."
Bingo: Yahh!
Muffin: Get 'em!
Bingo: Come on, Bluey. Let's save our nail salon.
Bluey: Actually, um... I have another game we can play.
"The scene cuts back to the boys with the stump almost ripped out."
Stripe: "(to Pat)" Don't worry, mate. I know what you're going through.
Bandit: Any time you wanna help...
Stripe: Oh, yep, yep, righto.
"The boys triumphantly tip over the stump, to which they shout in celebration."
"'Chilli and Trixie:'" Yeah!
"'Stripe:'" "(victoriously)" QUEENSLANDER!
"Bandit and Pat both shout in celebration of their removed stump."
"'Chilli:'" Stumpfest!
Stripe: Whoo! You like that, Trixie?!
Bandit: Phew. Sure makes you thirsty!
"'Bluey: Home delivery lemonade!
"'Bandit:'" Oh, yeah! Good on ya, kids.
"'Stripe:'" Oh, lemonade!
"'Bluey:'" Here you go. Fifty cents. Just pay her.
"'Stripe:'" "Fifty cents?!"
"'Bandit:'" Thanks, Bluey. This is just what I need.
"'Bluey:'" Oh, yes. You've all been working so hard.
"Bandit tussles Bluey's head, making her giggle."
"Pat and Stripe approach Bandit with their lemonades."
"'Pat:'" To Stumpfest!
"'Bandit, Pat and Stripe:'" Woo-hoo!
"The boys all drink their lemonades and seem to enjoy them... until they realise that their drinks weren't lemonades at all."
"'Bandit, Pat and Stripe:'" Eep!