The episode opens in the kitchen. Bluey is loading yellow foam balls into the backpack of a toy blaster cannon. Chilli is mopping the floor. Bingo is jumping in front of the fridge, reaching for something. Chilli walks up to Bingo.
Chilli: "What do you need, Bingo?"
Bingo points to some stubby coolers on top of the fridge.
Bingo: "Those."
Chilli gets them down for Bingo, who tucks them under her arms.
Chilli: "What do you need stubby coolers for?"
Bingo: "I'm having children."
Bingo runs off.
Chilli: (bemused) "Oh. Good one."
Bluey: "Will I have children when I grow up?"
Chilli walks over to Bluey and leans her mop against the counter.
Chilli: "Maybe. Depends if you want them."
Bingo: "What is having children like?"
Chilli: "Oh, well, it's a bit hard to explain."
Bandit, holding an empty glass, backs stealthily out of the TV room into the kitchen. Sports commentary can be heard faintly from the next room.
Bingo: "Aw, I wanna know."
Bandit spots the awkward conversation going on behind him and tries to edge back out of the room.
Chilli: "Well, it's lovely, but it's also..."
Bingo runs up to Bandit.
Bingo: "Dad!
Bandit jumps.
Bandit: "Ahh! Oh... hey, kid."
Bluey runs up to him as well.
Bingo, Bluey: "Will you play with me?"
Bandit: "Uh, I was just watching the race, mate. The Aussie fella's doing well."
Bingo, Bluey: "Awww!"
Bandit: "Uh, well, I can dip in and out."
Bingo, Bluey: "Hooray!"
Cut to a close-up of the map of Australia in the playroom. The shot pulls back to Bingo, Bandit, and Bluey standing by the play house. Bingo is cradling an Australian flag stubby cooler with a tennis ball in it as a baby. Bluey is wearing an elaborate sci-fi blaster, that not only covers her entire right arm, it connects to a backpack of ammo, chest armor, and an eyepiece.
Bandit: "Okay. What do you want to play?"
Simultaneously:
Bingo: "Children!"
Bluey: "Surprise!"
Bandit: "What?"
Simultaneously:
"I'm the mum and you're the dad..."
"So, I'm gonna hide somewhere in the house. And when I shout 'ready!..."
Simultaneously:
Bandit: "Whoa, whoa. Kids!"
Bingo: "...<inaudible> our baby—"
Bluey: "...you're gonna come—"
Bandit: "One at a time!"
Simultaneously:
Bingo: "And get to sleep... <inaudible>"
Bluey: "And I'm gonna be hiding, and I'm gonna surprise you. And I'm gonna shoot you with this."
Her blaster makes a charging-up sound effect and then fires a barrage of foam balls, knocking over a tower of blocks. Bandit flinches. Bingo continues talking."
Bandit: "Aah!"
Bingo, Bluey: "Got it?"
Bandit: (unenthused) "Got it."
TITLE CARD - Surprise!
Bluey: "This episode of Bluey is called: SURPRISE!"
Cut back to the play room. Bluey runs out.
Bluey: "Okay. I'll shout 'ready' when I'm ready!"
Bandit: "Ah, Bluey! Hang on."
Bingo holds out the stubby cooler baby.
Bingo: "Here's Copernicus. You have to get him to sleep."
Bandit takes Copernicus and rocks him.
Bandit: "No worries."
Bingo: "No, you have to sing to him."
Bandit: "Oh, Okay."
Bandit starts singing, as Bingo walks back into the play house.
Bandit: ♫ "Rockabye, baby, in the treetop" ♫
Bingo: "Goodness, look at all these bottles I have to wash."
She rubs a toy baby bottle with a washcloth.
Bluey: (offscreen) "Ready!"
Bandit: (to Bingo) "Oh, uh, I'm gonna walk her around the block."
Bingo: "Okay."
Bandit walks out. Bingo calls after him.
Bingo: "Keep singing!"
Bandit: (offscreen) ♫ "When the wind blows!" ♫
Cut to the TV room. A beanbag sits in front of the TV, which is displaying a wheelchair race.
Commentator: "It's a beautiful day here..."
Bandit walks in, cradling Copernicus.
Bandit: ♫ "...Come baby, cradle and all." ♫
Commentator: "...you can tell that the adrenaline..."
Bandit: "No harm in looking for Bluey in here first. Haha!"
The view cuts to the TV. The view is focused on a racer on a blue wheelchair with a green and yellow helmet. The caption indicates this is Australian racer Kurt Fearnley.
Commentator: "If he can just stick to his race plan, he'll be good."
Bandit: (quietly) "Go, mate."
Bluey pops out from underneath the beanbag and starts pelting Bandit with foam balls.
Bluey: "Surprise!"
Bandit laughs and backs away. Bluey comes after him, squealing and continuing to fire. Bandit climbs up onto the chair, which tips over backwards and he rolls across the floor. He runs out of the room, and she chases after him, still firing.
Bandit: (offscreen) "Bluey!"
Cut to the upstairs hallway. Bandit, still carrying Copernicus, runs down the hallway pursued by Bluey. He shields Copernicus with his body as she continues to fire on him. He laughs and Bluey squeals.
Cut to the play room.
Bingo: (annoyed) "I don't hear singing!"
Cut to the living room. Bluey chases Bandit down the stairs.
Bandit ♫ "When the wind blows, the cradle will rock" ♫
He vaults over the couch and continues running. Bluey jumps onto the couch.
Bandit: ♫ "And when the bough breaks—" ♫
Cut to a first person view from Bluey's perspective. We see her gun at the bottom of the screen Bandit runs across the screen from right to left. She fires, but doesn't lead her shots enough and shoots the wall just behind him.
Bandit: ♫ "—the cradle will fall" ♫
Cut to the playroom. Bandit runs in, hugging Copernicus.
Bandit: "# And down will come baby, cradle and all! #"
He dives onto the rug in front of the play house. Bluey runs in, still shooting him.
Bandit: "Oof! This bit's safe."
Bluey: "Okay, I'll go hide again."
Bluey runs out. Bandit reaches after her.
Bandit: "Wait. Bluey!"
Bingo walks up with her wooden balance bike.
Bingo: "Did you get Copernicus to sleep?"
Bandit: "Uh, yeah. Here you go."
He hands Copernicus over to Bingo.
Bingo: "Thanks."
Bandit: (sighing) "Okay. I might go and watch the—"
Bandit starts to stand up. Bingo steps back, revealing two more stubby cooler and tennis ball children on the seat of the balance bike.
Bingo: "Look. I have more children."
Bingo: "Can you get Jokernicus to sleep..."
She hands Bandit a Queensland maroons stubby cooler.
Bingo: "...and teach Dellarina to ride a bike?"
She pushes the balance bike towards Bandit, with a crocodile stubby cooler balanced on the seat.
Bandit: "Oh, Bingo..."
Bingo: "My name is Oteriah."
Bandit: "Oteriah, I—"
Bluey: (offscreen) "Ready!"
Bandit: "Ugh. Bluey, can't you play the same game as me and Bingo?"
Bluey: (offscreen) "No!"
Bandit stands up.
Bandit: "Fine."
Bingo hands Copernicus back to Bandit.
Bingo: "Oh, and drop Copernicus off to daycare."
Bandit exits the room, carrying two stubby cooler babies in one arm, and pushing the balance bike with the other.
Bandit: ♫ "Rock-a-bye baby, on the treetop..." ♫
Bandit enters the TV room.
Bandit: "That's it, mate. Pedal. Yes, I'm still holding on."
He stops in front of the TV.
Bandit: "This is a good spot for day-care. Just a quick check for any nut bags..."
He kicks over the beanbag chair.
Bandit: "Clear."
He puts Copernicus on the beanbag.
Bandit: "Here you go, mate. Don't bite anyone."
Commentator: "...making his move."
Cut to the TV screen. The Australian is close behind two other racers.
Commentator: "This is the point that he puts it all on the line."
Cut back to Bandit.
Bandit: "Go, mate!"
The doorbell rings.
Commentator: "The race can be won..."
Bandit: "Uh, yeah, hang on."
Cut back to the TV. The Australian racer is gaining on the racers in front of him.
Commentator: "...from the middle of the course, but this..."
Cut back to Bandit.
Bandit: "Come on!"
Commentator: "..looks like he's grabbing..."
The doorbell rings several times.
Bandit: "Alright, I'm coming!"
Cut to the front door, from Bandit's point of view. His arm opens the door. No one is there.
Bandit: "Hello?"
Cut to a shot of Bandit's face.
Bandit: "Huh?"
Cut to a wider shot. Bluey lurks beside the door, a mischeivous grin on her face. Her toy gun makes a charging-up noise.
Bandit: "Uh-oh."
Cut back to the entrance. Bluey pelts Bandit with foam balls as he backs away from the entrance, trying to shield his face with his shoulder.
Bluey: "Surprise!"
Bandit laughs as Bluey shrieks; he continues to retreat.
Cut to the play room. Bingo is in the play house, back to the camera.
Bluey and Bandit can be heard shouting in the hall. A few foam balls roll in, followed by Bandit who dives onto the rug. Bluey pursues him a moment later.
Bandit: "Haha! Safe!"
Bluey: "Ohhh!"
Bandit hums mockingly and waves his bum at Bluey.
Bingo: "Hey. You forgot to pick up Copernicus."
Cut to the TV room. Bandit enters, still holding Jokernicus and pushing Dellarina. Bluey pursues him, still blasting him with foam balls.
Bandit: ♫ "Rock-a-bye baby..."
She chases him around the back of the couch.
Commentator: "It's a hard competition out there."
Bandit stops at the beanbag and picks up Copernicus as Bluey continues to blast him.
Bandit: ♫ "Ow! When the wind blows— Ow!" ♫
Commentator: "He's being chased by his competitors."
He runs off with all three stubby cooler babies.
Bandit: ♫ "The cradle will rock" ♫
Bluey chases him through the second dining room.
Commentator: "I don't know how he's gonna get out of this."
Cut to the kitchen.
Bandit: (offscreen) "Bluey!"
Bandit runs in, pelted by foam balls.
Bandit: "I'm trying to raise kids here!
Bandit steps in the mop bucket and trips.
Cut to a shot of the ceiling. In slow motion, Bandit, the stubby cooler babies, the scooter, and the mop fly across the frame.
Bandit: (slow motion) "Nooooooooooooooo!"
Bandit scoops the stubby cooler babies into his arms.
Bandit lands with a thump, and things return to normal speed.
Bandit: "Oof!"
Bluey, yelling a high-pitched war cry, continues shooting him in the bum as he lies on the floor.
Cut to an over head shot. As the mop water spreads across the floor and Bluey continues blasting him in the bum, Bandit curls into the fetal position around the stubby cooler babies.
Bandit: (almost sobbing) ♫ "Twinkle, twinkle little star, how I wonder what you are." ♫
Bluey runs out of ammunition and lowers her blaster. She stares at her dad for a moment.
Cut to a wider shot, revealing Chilli sitting at the counter, having a cup of tea.
Chilli: "Bluey!"
Chilli points at Bandit.
Chilli: "That's what having kids is like."
Cut to the TV. The Australian racer's wheelchair is overturned.
Commentator: "This won't stop him."
He rights the wheelchair and begins to push.
Cut to the playroom. A haggard Bandit staggers in, holding the three stubby cooler babies in his arms.
Bandit: (unsteadily) ♫ "Cradle and all..." ♫
He collapses onto the rug.
Bandit: "Ugh!"
Bingo turns around and presents a fourth baby, this one made with a green-and-gold Australian Cricket stubby cooler.
Bingo: "I've had another baby."
Bandit: "Jeez, Oteriah! You're pumping these things out."
Bluey pokes her head in the door.
Bluey: "I'll go hide!"
Bluey leaves, but pokes her head back in when Bandit starts talking.
Bandit: "Bluey, it'd make my life so much easier if you play the same game as us."
Bluey: "Ohh, but Chucky's only lent me this for today, and I really want to play surprise."
Bandit: "Ah, okay."
Bluey giggles and runs out.
Bingo presents Bandit with the fourth baby.
Bingo: "This is Finucan."
Bandit sticks all three stubby coolers under his left arm, then reaches out for Finucan.
Bandit: "Give him here. I'll get him to sleep."
Bingo keeps the stubby cooler.
Bingo: "No, he needs to go to the hospital."
Bandit: "Oh, really? Is he OK?"
Bandit sits up.
Bingo: "No. His head doesn't fit on his body properly."
Bingo pulls the tennis ball off, then drops it into the stubby cooler. It goes all the way to the bottom.
Bingo: "See?"
Bandit: "Oh, right."
Bingo tills the stubby cooler so the tennis ball rolls back out, and stops it in the correct position. Bandit holds out his hand again.
Bandit: "You want me to get a smaller stubby cooler?"
Bingo snatches Finucan away.
Bingo: (offended) "No!"
Bandit: "Okay. No worries. Give him here."
Bingo exchanges Finucan for the three other stubby coolers.
Bingo: "There you go, Finucan."
Bandit stands up, crading Finucan.
Bandit: "Uh, can the hospital be in the TV room?"
Bingo: "No, it's under the tree."
Bandit: "Okay."
Cut to the back yard, under the poinciana tree. Bandit walks up to the tree, crading Finucan.
Bandit: "Here you go."
He sets the stubby cooler on the bench under the tree.
Bandit: "Now."
Bandit groans and lies down.
Bandit: "I'll be right here, little mate."
Bandit closes his eyes. In the background, through the patio door, Bingo pokes her head out of the play house.
Bingo: "You have to talk to him!"
Bandit sits up.
Bandit: "Ah! Yep. Will do."
Bandit: "Um... Oh, look, you've got your very own bed. How good is that?"
He pats the stubby cooler. The tennis ball rolls out and falls to the grass.
Bandit: "Oh, eeeh. Sorry, mate."
Bandit hurriedly replaces the tennis ball.
Bandit: "It's just, you got something going on with your head. And your body. It's basically your head and your body."
Cut to a close shot of Bandit and Finucan. Bandit rests his elbow on the bench beside Finucan.
Bandit: "But don't worry, this won't hold you back. You know why?"
The view starts panning to the right.
Bandit: "You've got a whole bunch of brothers and sisters who've got your back."
Bandit and Finucan pan out of frame. Bluey comes into frame, hiding on the far side of the tree.
Bandit: (off screen) "And your mum and I are behind you all the way. 'Cause we're a family and you mean the world to us..."
Bluey's eyes move as she thinks about what Bandit's saying.
Bandit: (off screen) "...Um..."
Cut to a wide shot of the back yard.
Bandit: "Hey, Bingo! What's this kid's name?"
Bingo: (offscreen) "Finucan!"
Bandit: "...Finucan."
Bluey hops out from behind the tree.
Bandit: "Argh! No!"
He clutches the stubby cooler protectively.
Bluey: "Hee-hee! It's okay, Dad."
Bluey: "I'm Finucan's sister. I'll look after him. You take the others to day care."
Bandit lets go of Finucan and stands up.
Bandit: "Really? You sure? You don't want to play your game?"
Bluey: "No, I'm okay."
Bandit ruffles Bluey's hair, and she giggles.
Bandit: "That's the thing about kids, Finucan. They're always surprising you."
He pats Finucan, and the tennis ball falls on the grass.
Bandit: "Oop."
Bandit and Bluey glance down at the tennis ball head, then back at each other.
Cut back to the TV. The Australian racer wins with a time of 1:29:22.
Cut to the TV room. Bandit sits on the Beanbag chair watching, with Copernicus cradled in his arms. Foam balls are scattered around the room. He cheers, raising his free arm.
Cut to the play house. Bingo is feeding Dellarina with a bottle, and has Jokernicus and a fifth stubby cooler baby put down in a crib.
Cut to the poinciana tree. Bluey is excitedly telling Finucan something. She turns and blasts Jeremy the gnome with foam balls.
Cut to an establishing shot of the house. The shot fades to show the house in the future. The trees in the back yard have grown, and the roofs have been covered in solar panels. Drones carry packages through the sky. Some of the nearby houses have been replaced with apartments. A white car pulls up in front of the house.
Cut to the entrance. A digital picture frame by the door shows Bingo as an adult, standing in front of the mo'ai on Rapa Nui. A robot vacuum wanders across the floor, heading for its charging station. The walls have a few new scrapes.
The doorbell rings, and Chilli enters. She's wearing tortoiseshell glasses with a red strap and has some white hairs mixed in with her red fur. The digital picture frame changes - showing Bluey and Bingo as adults with Bandit and Chilli. Bluey is wearing a graduation cap and holding a diploma - this appears to be her college graduation. Chilli opens the door. Bluey stands outside. She's grown up, with longer hair flecked with white in her dark blue patches.
Bluey: "Hi, Mum!"
Chilli: "Bluey!"
They hug.
Chilli: "What a lovely surprise!"
Chilli: "BANDIT!"
Bluey: "I just thought I'd pop by."
Chilli: "It's so good to see you. Come in! BANDIT!"
Bandit walks in. His fur is shaggier, and he has white hairs in the blue parts of his coat.
Bandit: "I hear ya. Hey, Bluey!"
The robot vacuum bumps against the wall next to its charging station.
Bluey: "Hey, Dad."
Bluey and Bandit hug."
Chilli: "Come on. Bingo's out the back."
Chilli gestures to Bluey. They start walking further into the house. Bandit glares at the robot vacuum.
Bluey: "Oh, the house is looking good."
Chilli: "Thanks."
Bandit closes the door.
Chilli: (offscreen) "Can you believe Dad almost sold it?"
Chilli and Bluey chuckle. Bandit rolls his eyes and starts to walk after them.
Bandit: "Are you ever gonna let that go?"
Bandit starts to walk away. The digital picture frame changes to show Bluey as a child, sitting cross-legged with an orange heart in her lap. The doorbell rings.
Bandit: "Huh?"
Cut to Bandit's perspective. His arm opens the door.
Bandit: "Hello?"
No one is there. Cut to a close-up on Bandit's face.
Bandit: "Huh. No one. That's weird."
The sound of a toy gun charging up can be heard from offscreen.
Cut to a wider view. A young dog with purple-blue fur and a floppy ear-tip is hiding beside the door, wearing an even fancier toy blaster. The blaster makes a whirring sound as it charges up. Their tail wags furiously.
Bandit: "Oh, no."
A calm and soothing arrangement of the episode music plays over the end credits. The robot vacuum rolls across the bottom of the screen.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket | Ghostbasket | The Sign | Surprise!
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology