The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heelers' house at night.
Commentator: "Welcome back to the decider."
The scene cuts to the deck, where the Heelers have set up a couch and projector. The projector is displaying the pre-game of a rugby match on a sheet hung from the gutters - a promo graphic shows a Maroon player and a Blue player standing back to back, arms folded.Bluey and Bingo wobble the sheet around, distorting the image. They giggle.
Commentator: "It is winner take all tonight."
Lucky, Chucky, and Pat walk onto the deck. Lucky and Pat are wearing maroon jerseys - the latter of whom carries a cooler.
Pat: "Hey, Heelers."
Lucky, Chucky: "G'day, girls."
Pat sets down the cooler.
Bluey, Bingo: "Hi, Chucky! Hi, Lucky!"
Pat: "Ready for the big game, girls?"
Bluey, Bingo: "Yeah!"
Bluey: "Dad said we get to stay up."
Pat: "Way to go! Where is your dad?"
Bandit: "Here he issss!"
Bandit makes his entrance, showing off his body paint - all his blue fur has been painted maroon.
Bingo, Bluey, Pat, Lucky: "Whoa!"
Pat: "Look out!"
Bandit: "Ready for this?"
Bandit and Pat clasp hands and squeeze aggressively.
Pat: "Oh, yeah. C'mon, Maroons!"
Bluey: "Wait. What colour is our team again?"
Bandit, Pat: (cheering) "Maroon!"
Bluey: "Maroon?"
Chucky: "Yeah. It's like purple."
Pat: "Hey, where's Chilli?"
Bandit: "She's at the game. Frisky got tickets."
Pat: "No way!"
Bingo: "She's going to wave to me from the TV."
Chucky: "Whoa."
Bandit: "Well, look, Bingo, she said she'd do her best."
Bingo: "She will. You watch."
Bluey: "Where's your mum?"
Lucky: "Mum's on the blue team, 'cause she was born a long way from here."
Janelle: (O.S.) "Come on, the Blues!"
Bandit, Bingo, Bluey: "Huh?"
They all look over the deck railing towards Pat's house.Janelle is on the back porch, wearing a blue jersey and yelling through cupped hands.
Janelle: "WE'RE GONNA FLOG YAAAAA!"
Lucky, Bandit, Pat: "Boo!"
Chucky: "Dad, don't boo Mum."
Bluey: "This episode of Bluey is called: The Decider."
Back on the deck, the game is beginning. Bandit, Bluey, and Chucky watch from the couch.Pat sits on a wooden chair, Lucky sits on the cooler, and Bingo lies on her stomach on the floor.A whistle blows - it's kick-off time.
Commentator: "There's the kick-off."
The screen shows the Blues kicking off, and the Maroons receiving.
Bandit: "Here we go!"
Pat: "Come on, Maroons!"
Bluey: "Dad, is there any food?"
Without taking his eyes off the screen, Bandit feels around on the table.
Bandit: "Oh, uh, I got some beef jerky..."
He locates the bag of jerky, and passes it to Bluey.
Bandit: "...and there's pizzas coming at halftime."
Bluey takes out a piece of jerky and looks at it quizzically. On the screen, a Maroon player is tackled by two Blue players.
Commentator: "...and Bucko is hit hard..."
Bingo: "I can't see Mum."
Bluey puts the jerky back in the bag and puts it back on the table.
Bluey: "Chucky, if your dad is on the purple team, but your mum is on the blue team, then what team are you on?"
Chucky: "Mum said I could choose either."
Bluey: "My mum and dad are all on the purple team so I'm purple. Even though I'm blue. It's confusing."
Chucky: "Mm. I'm gold."
Bluey: "Is there a gold team?"
Chucky: "No, it's just purple or blue."
Bluey: "Oh. Can I help you choose a colour?"
Chucky: "Yes, please."
Commentator: "...and Diesel outside..."
A Maroon player is running with the ball, approaching the goal-line. Pat and Bandit cheer simultaneously:
Pat: "Hey, hey, hey, yes! All right!"
Bandit: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yes! C'mon!"
Bluey: "The grown-ups are about to dance! This is my favourite bit!"
Lucky, Pat, and Bandit jump up.
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: "YEAHHH!"
They jump up and down, pumping their arms in celebration.
Lucky: "Woo!"
Bandit: "Giddyap!"
Pat: "Yeah!"
Bluey and Chucky giggle. Bandit sits down and starts texting aggressively."
Commentator: "...Maroons have taken an early lead.
Pat walks over to the deck railing and yells through cupped hands.
Pat: "What do you think about THAT, Janelle?!"
From their living room, Janelle glares and gives him a thumbs down.
Bluey: "Maybe you should be purple. There's more dancing."
Commentator: "Hang on a moment, the ref wants to check..."
Bandit and Pat's attention snap back to the screen. Bandit stops texting.
Commentator: "...if Flogger obstructed the defender..."
Bandit: "What?"
Commentator: "...on the way through."
Pat: "Huh?"
The crowd boos.
Commentator: "There you go, no try."
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: "No try?!"
Bandit: "What's wrong with that?!"
Pat: "Come on."
Bluey: "What's going on?"
Janelle: (yelling from off screen) "You're a bunch of CHEATSSSS!"
Lucky, Pat, and Bandit rush to the railing.
Pat: "YOU'RE the cheats!"
Janelle: "Boo!"
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: "Booooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
Chucky and Bluey laugh. On the screen behind them, play has resumed. The Blues complete a pass.
Commentator: "A long ball out to Zipper."
He passes to another Blue player. Bingo is having trouble keeping her eyes open.
Bingo: (sleepily) "I can't see Mum yet."
Later, Bingo is napping on the floor. Someone has provided her a pillow and blanket.
Commentator: "He's gone straight through."
Bandit: "Here we go."
Commentator: "He's got the ball..."
Bandit: "Here we go!"
Commentator: "Chip is on his right, Buckeye's on his left."
Bluey: "They're about to dance again!"
Pat: "Yes! Yes! Yes!"
Nearly at the goal line, the Maroon ball carrier is tackled, but he manages to pass the ball. A blue player intercepts it.
Commentator: "Intercepted."
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: "What?! No! TACKLE HIM!"
The Blue player runs down the field, approaching the other goal line.
Pat, Bandit: "TACKLE HIM!!!"
The Blue player dives over the goal line. The whistle blows.
Commentator: "...a mighty good try, and the Blues are over."
The Blue player gets up and spikes the ball.
Janelle: (O.S.) "Woo-hoo!"
Bluey and Chucky look over the back of the couch. Janelle jumps up and starts dancing "The Sprinkler."
Janelle: "Whoo! Yeah!"
Chucky: "Bluey, look! Mum's dancing."
Bluey: "Oh, that's nice."
Later, the mood has turned: Pat and Bandit are kneeling in front of their seats. Lucky, Pat, and Bandit look worried.On the screen, a Maroon player fails to tackle the Blue ball-carrier.
Commentator: "He beats cover on the outside."
Bandit: "No. No!"
Pat: "Tackle him! Get him!"
Chucky: "Purple hasn't danced in ages."
Bandit: "No!"
Two Maroon players tackle the Blue ball-carrier, but he was already past the goal line.
Pat, Bandit: "Oh, biscuits!"
Janelle: (O.S.) "Whoo-hoo-hoo!"
Bluey and Chucky look over the back of the couch again. Bandit and Pat pointedly don't look.
Commentator: "Now the Blue is down in the front with the kick still to come."
Chucky: "Do you want to go over to my mum's?"
Bluey: "Yeah, come on."
Bluey and Chucky jump down off the couch and run off. Bandit cradles his head in his hands. Pat scowls at the screen.
Bandit: "Oh, man."
In the Labradors' living room, Janelle cheers at the screen. The living room has been decorated with blue flags and balloons."
Janelle: "Whoo-hoo! Yeah!"
" The Blues celebrate on the screen. Chucky runs in, with Bluey following behind.
Chucky: "Mum!"
Janelle is overjoyed! She picks Chucky up and swings him around.
Janelle: "Chuckyyy!"
Bluey: "Can we watch the game with you? There's more dancing."
Janelle: "Well, Bluey: I wouldn't normally be happy with a Maroons supporter, but I'll allow it."
Chucky, Bluey: "Hooray!"
The tone of the announcer and crowd become more excited. Janelle picks up a bowl of popcorn and hands it to the kids.
Janelle: "Here, have some popcorn. I just made it."
On the screen, the Blue ball-carrier runs for the goal line.
Pat, Bandit: (O.S.) "Go! Tackle him!"
Janelle: "Go, go, go!"
Janelle grabs Chucky and hugs him tight.
Janelle: "YESSS!"
Chucky: "Mum! Too tight!"
Bluey laughs. Janelle sets Chucky down.
Janelle: "C'mon, let's give it to your dad."
All three run out on the back porch and yell at the Heelers' house.
Janelle, Bluey, Chucky: "COME ON, THE BLUESSSSS!"
Bandit: "Hey, Bluey! What do you think you're doing?"
Bluey laughs. Janelle does a little dance.
Janelle: "Woo-hoo-hoo! Haha!"
Bluey: "This is fun."
Chucky: "Maybe I should be on the blue team."
Bluey: "Yeah. They've got popcorn."
She offers him the bowl.Later, in the Labradors' living room, the mood has changed again. Now Janelle is nervous.
Commentator: "Here comes Queensland."
Janelle: "What?! No!"
The Maroon ball-carrier dodges two attempted tackles.
Commentator: "And they won't be stopping this bloke, not from here..."
Janelle: "No, no! TACKLE HIM!"
The Blue player tackles him, having already passed the goal line.
Janelle: "No-oh-ho!"
Janelle cradles her face in her hands. The crowd roars.
Commentator: "He's over! That's a try."
Bluey and Chucky look over at the Heelers' deck. Bandit and Pat are celebrating.
Bandit: "Yeah!"
Pat: "All Right!"
Bandit, Pat: "Woo-hoo!"
Chucky sighs.
Chucky: "Now they're dancing again."
Lucky walks onto the deck with a stack of three pizza boxes.
Lucky: "Pizza's hereeeee!"
Commentator: "It's halftime in the decider - and we'll be back in just a moment."
A graphic on the screen shows the score: 8 Maroon to 18 Blue.In the Heelers' backyard, Bluey and Chucky are eating slices of pizza. and Pat and Janelle argue about the game - all as Bandit kicks a rugby ball to Lucky.
Janelle: "It was forward."
Bandit: "No, it wasn't."
Lucky kicks the ball back to Bandit.
Pat: "Are we watching the same game, Janelle?"
Pat and Janelle continue arguing in the background as Bluey and Chucky talk.
Bluey: "Do you know what colour you're going to be, Chucky?"
Chucky puts down his pizza crust.
Chucky: "I don't know. Whenever Dad's colour is happy, Mum is sad. But whenever Mum's colour is happy, Dad is sad."
Commentator: "So the teams are on their way out. The second half is on, forty minutes..."
Bandit: "Alright, they're running back on."
Pat: "See you, babe."
Pat kisses Janelle on the cheek. He joins Bandit, Bluey, and Lucky in walking back to the Heelers' house.
Janelle: "Hey, Chuckles, you gonna keep watching a bit with me, and a bit with your dad?"
Pat and Lucky stop.
Lucky: "No! He has to choose one side."
Chucky: "Why?"
Lucky: "'Cause you can't keep changing."
Pat: "He can if he wants to, Lucky."
Lucky: "But that's not fair."
Janelle: "You do whatever you want, sweetheart."
Lucky runs back to the Heelers' house.
Chucky: "That's okay. I can choose one colour."
Chucky stands midway between his parents. He looks from Janelle... to Pat... and back to Janelle. Both his parents smile. Eventually, the decision is made: he points to Pat.
Chucky: "I'll be purple."
Janelle: "No worries, sweetie."
Janelle holds out her arms, and Chucky runs up for a hug.
Janelle: (whispering) "Good luck. But not too much."
Chucky: "Thanks, Mum."
Chucky breaks the hug. Janelle looks after him sadly. Pat puts his hand on Chucky's back. As he escorts him back to the Heelers' house, he looks over his shoulder and makes eye contact with Janelle. They share a bittersweet glance.Heartbroken, Janelle sadly looks after them, then turns and jumps the fence. A musical montage begins:The Maroons score a try; Lucky, Pat and Bandit celebrate. The score is now 88 Maroon to 18 Blue - a massive turnaround from earlier. Total domination - akin to Red Bull's.Janelle, beyond frustrated and now knowing how the Tifosi feel, puts her face in her hands. The Maroons celebrate on screen.Pat and Bandit put their arms around each others shoulders and pump their arms in celebration. Lucky jumps for joy. Bingo continues to sleep on the floor.Bluey shimmies excitedly in her seat; Chucky, who was initially excited, looks conflicted and looks over the back of the couch. He sees Janelle turn off the TV and walk out of the room; conflicted, torn.Bingo wakes up just as the broadcast is showing crowd shots, and the camera has focused on Trixie, Chilli, and Frisky. Frisky taps Chilli's shoulder to get her attention, and points to the wrong camera. They all wave excitedly, not quite looking at the screen. Sleepily, Bingo waves back.As the final score graphic appears on screen, and the Maroons continue to celebrate, the camera pans up to the night sky...FADE TO BLACK, which we hold for a beat.FADE IN on an establishing shot of the Heelers' house in daytime. It's the next day. We CUT to the Heelers' living room - it's been decorated with green and yellow flags and balloons, featuring the silhouette of Australia and Tasmania and emus. Cushions have been set out on the floor, and Chilli brings in a dining room chair. Bingo sits on the floor, watching the pregame on TV. A dog in a yellow jersey is contrasted with a dog in black.
Commentator: "Welcome back, and what a game we have ahead of us today."
The Labradors, whole once more, enter the room.
Janelle: "Heyyyy, here we go!"
Chilli: "Ho-ho! Look out."
Pat: "C'mon, the Green an' Gold!"
The Labradors, Chilli: "Yeah!"
Bluey walks in.
Bluey: "What's goin' on?"
Chucky: "There's a gold team! There's a gold team!"
Bluey: "What?!"
Bandit enters. He's painted gold over his blue fur, with green accents on the borders, and Australia and Tasmania on his stomach.
Bandit: "Let's do this!"
Everyone but Bluey cheers.
Chucky: "There's another game of football and there's a gold team and Mum and Dad are both on it!"
Bluey: "Really? They're on the same team?!"
Chucky: "Yeah! We're all on it."
Everyone but Bluey: "Yeah!"
Bluey chuckles.
Bandit: "EXCEPT for your mate Mackenzie. You got that?"
Bluey: (with a sense of determination flaring in her eyes) "Got it."
From outside, a car horn honks-
Mackenzie's Mum, Dad: (O.S.) "Boooo!"
They all run out to the front porch, which has also been decorated with green and gold balloons. The Border Collies are parked in front of the Heelers' house in their orange ute. Mackenzie's Dad leans out the passenger's window. Mackenzie's Mum climbs halfway out the driver's window on the far side of the car to boo more effectively. Mackenzie, in the back seat, just stares.
Mackenzie's Dad: "Booo!"
Mackenzie's Mum, Dad: "We're gonna flog ya!"
Mackenzie's Dad: "Booo!"
Janelle, Chilli, Pat, Lucky, Bandit: "We're gonna flog you! Boo!"
Mackenzie: "...what's going on?"
Mackenzie's Dad laughs. Mackenzie's Mum climbs back in the window.
Mackenzie's Dad: "Go the Kiwis!"
Mackenzie's Mum honks the horn as she drives off. Bluey and Chucky laugh.
Commentator: "This could be the clincher!"
On the television, the Gold ball carrier evades a tackle. Bandit, Janelle, and Pat are on the edge of their seats. Bingo is curled up asleep in Chilli's lap. Bluey, Chucky, and Lucky watch from the cushions on the floor.
Commentator: "They can't stop him."
Bandit, Janelle, Pat, Chilli: "Yes... Yes... Yes... Come on!"
The adults all jump up and cheer, except for Chilli who only cheers. Pat and Janelle hug, with the former lifting the latter off the ground.
Pat, Janelle: "Come here, Chucky!"
They pick him up for a group hug.
Commentator: "That's what it's all about."
The episode music continues into the credits. A rugby ball bounces in from the left, coming to rest at the bottom right of the screen. The usual blue background fades into maroon.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology