The episode begins at the Heeler's house. Bingo is in a makeshift tent in the living room on the stairs, which acts as her house.
Bingo: Sleep, sleep, sleep. (yawns) Morning, Poppy. Time to get to work. (she steps out of the tent) Goodbye, husband.
Bingo walks down the steps and waits.
Bandit: (offscreen) Train arriving!
Bingo: Ooh, here comes the train, Poppy.
Bandit: (offscreen) Train stopping! 
Bandit walks onscreen pushing two beach chairs, which acts as the train. He makes a pretend train hiss.
Bandit: All aboard!
Bingo gets on the front seat with Poppy.
Bandit: Train's leaving!
Bandit pushes the train offscreen. Bingo giggles.
TITLE CARD: TRAINS
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called, "Trains".
The scene changes to the playroom, which acts as the day care. Chilli reads to toy animals, which act as children.
Chilli: One upon a time, there was a little mouse.
Bandit pushes the train with Bingo and Poppy onscreen.
Bandit: Train arriving! The next stop is Mother Duck Day Care.
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thank you.
Bandit: Train's leaving! (pushes the train offscreen)
Chilli: Oh, hello, Poppy. You're just in time for a story.
Bingo: (as Poppy) Story time! Story time! (as herself) I'll pick you up after work now, sweetie. (she hugs Poppy) Give Mummy a hug. (she kisses Poppy, sets her down, and gets ready to leave)
Chilli: And this mouse lived in a very special house.
As Chilli reads, Bingo pretends to sign Poppy in on a clipboard. Bandit walks back onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping!
Bingo gets onto the train.
Chilli: One day...
Bandit: Train's leaving! (he pushes the train offscreen)
Chilli: (continued) when the mouse was out walking...
Chilli gets up and runs to the kitchen, which acts as the veterinarian clinic.
Chilli: (pretending to feed a toy polar bear celery) Are you hungry, Mr. Polar Bear? (she makes the polar bear growl) Ooh!
Bandit walks onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Next stop is the Vet's. (makes pretend train hiss)
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thank you.
Bandit: Train's leaving!
Bingo: (to Chilli) Morning, Sharice.
Chilli: (to Bingo) Morning, Doctor Glenda. We have a very busy day today. One sick tiger, and six sick skunks. That's hard to say. (makes the polar bear growl) Oh, and one cranky polar bear.
Bingo: Oh, you just need to tickle him here. Watch. (tickles the polar bear underneath his chin) Tickle, tickle. See?
Chilli: What would we do without you, Glenda?
Bandit: (offscreen) Train arriving!
Bingo: Ooh. (pretending to tend to the animals) Work, work, work. See you tomorrow.
Chilli: Bye, Glenda.
Bingo pretends to scan her ticket and gets on the train.
Bandit: Train's leaving!
Chilli is briefly seen getting up before the scene changes back to the day care.
Bandit: Next stop, day care! (makes pretend train hiss)
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thanks.
Chilli: Poppy, your mum's here. (to Bingo) She had a great day today.
Bingo: Oh, that's my big girl. (kisses Poppy)
The scene changes back to Bingo's house as the train pulls up to it.
Bandit: Train arriving!
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thank you.
Bandit: Train's leaving! (walks offscreen with the train)
Bingo goes into her house.
Bingo: Sleep, sleep, sleep. (yawns) Morning, Poppy. Time to get to work. (walks out of her house) Goodbye, husband.
The scene changes to the laundry room where Bandit is trying to hurriedly skip the station.
Bandit: Train's skipping this station.
Before Bandit can leave, Bluey runs up with a toy cat and a cup with a straw.
Bluey: Hey, wait. I'm coming.
Bandit: (groans) Train stopping.
Bluey hums. She puts her cat in the front seat and she gets in the back. She puts her feet up on the front seat's backrest.
Bluey: Off you go.
Bandit: Um, excuse me. No food or drinks, no feet on seats, and that cat needs to be on your lap.
Bluey: Ah, just drive the train, mate.
Bandit: What?! You cheeky little... Hang on, show me your ticket.
Bluey: Oh, yes, here you are. (she hands Bandit a pretend train ticket)
Bandit grabs the train ticket.
Bandit: Hmm, this looks fine.
Bluey: Maybe you should lick it as well.
Bandit: Oh, okay. A bit strange, but... (licks the ticket)
Bluey: And now rub it all over your face.
Bandit: This is a bit unorthodox, but okay. (he rubs it on his face while humming)
Bluey laughs.
Bluey: What's so funny?
Bluey: That isn't a train ticket.
Bandit: Huh?
Bluey: It's a piece of poo! 
Bandit: What?! (retches) I licked poo!
Bluey laughs. Bandit tries to get the "poo" out of his mouth.
Bandit: Right, that's it. Get off my train!
Bandit grabs Bluey's legs. Bluey grabs the seat's backrest.
The scene changes back to the living room where Bingo waits in front of her house.
Bingo: Oh, where is that train?
Chilli: (offscreen as a public announcer) Bing bong. The next train will be a bit late due to an ongoing passenger incident.
Bingo: Oh.
Bandit runs onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping. Apologies, customer.
Bingo: (pretends to scan her ticket) That's okay. But be quick. I'm late for drop-off.
Bandit runs offscrren with the train. The scene changes to the day care.
Chilli: And they lived happily ever after.
Bandit runs onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping! (pants)
Bingo: (pants) I'm sorry I'm late.
Chilli: Oh, Poppy, you just missed story time.
Bingo: (makes Poppy cry, kisses Poppy, and puts her down) I'll pick you up after work. Mum loves you. (signs Poppy in) I hope that train's on time.
The scene changes back to the laundry room where Bluey is standing, waiting for the train. Bandit walks onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping. Oh, you again. I hope you've got a real ticket this time.
Bluey: Oh, yes. Sorry about the mix-up. (pretends to scan the ticket by saying "Boop") See?
Bandit: Ah, good.
Bluey hums. She puts her cat in the front seat of the train and she gets in the back.
Bandit: (groans) I'm putting this cat on your lap.
Bluey: Uh, I wouldn't touch him if I were you.
Bandit: Oh, don't be... (he screams and pretends to make the cat scratch his face) Get it off!
Bluey laughs. The scene changes back to the day care where Bingo is waiting for the train. Bingo looks at her pretend watch.
Chilli: (offscreen as a phone ringtone) Ring ring!
Bingo yelps at the ring.
Bingo: (picks up her pretend phone) Hello?
Chilli: (in the kitchen) Glenda, where are you? This polar bear is getting REALLY cranky. (makes the polar bear growl)
Bingo: The train's running late! You're gonna have to tickle him yourself.
Chilli: (nervously) Um, okay! I'll give it a go.
Bingo: I'll be there soon. Good luck! (hangs up the phone)
Bandit walks onscreen with the train. He has bandages on his body.
Bandit: Oh, I'm so sorry we're late.
Bingo: Hurry. The polar bear is getting cranky.
Bandit: Train leaving! (he runs fast offscreen)
The scene changes to the kitchen. The vet table is flipped over, Chilli lies on the floor, and the various animals are scattered on the floor. Chillli groans. Bandit runs onscreen.
Bandit: Train stopping.
Bingo (gets off) Thank you. (to Chilli) What happened?
Chilli: The polar bear escaped! He didn't like how I tickled him. He's on the loose and he's cranky!
Bingo: (worriedly) Oh no.
The scene changes back to the laundry room. Bluey and her cat are disguised with glasses and a fake mustache.
Bandit: (offscreen, exhausted) Train arriving.
Bluey: (speaking in a high tone) Oh, look, the train is here.
Bandit: Oh, I'm so sorry we're late. Hang on, have I seen you before?
Bluey: Oh no. We just moved here from, uh, Egypt.
Bandit: Oh, good, 'cause I do not like being attacked by animals.
The polar bear jumps on Bandit. Chilli makes the polar bear roar. Bandit screams. Bluey laughs. Bandit makes the polar bear bite Bluey's cat. Bluey screams and kicks the polar bear away.
Bluey: Oh. Mr. Cottonsocks, you're hurt!
Bandit: It IS you. I knew it!
Bandit: My cat is hurt. He needs a vet.
Bandit: Quick, hop on the train! All aboard! Express train! (he runs offscreen with the train)
The scene changes to a corridor. Bandit pushes the train down the corridor.
Bluey: Faster!
The scene changes to Bingo and Chilli in the corridor dressed as grannies.
Chilli: (elderly voice) Oh, I hope the train will be here soon, Rita.
Bingo: Me too, Madge. We'll be late for mahjong.
Bandit: (offscreen) Stand back from the platform!
Chilli: Oh, here it..
Bandit zooms past Bingo and Chilli, causing them to spin.
Bandit: Sorry, ladies!
The scene changes to a front view of the train as it moves down the corridor.
Bluey: Hang in there, Mr. Cottonsocks.
The scene changes back to the kitchen.
Bandit: Train arriving. (groans exhaustedly)
Bluey gets off the train and runs up to Chilli.
Bluey: Mr. Cottonsocks needs to see the vet!
Chilli: I'm sorry, we had to shut down. Our vet was late and a polar bear ate all the animals.
Bluey: (sadly) Oh.
Chilli: I know, let's catch the rain to the vet's house.
Bluey: Yeah!
Buey and Chilli board the train.
Chilli: Go!
Bandit: Oh, man.
The scene changes back to the living room. Bingo sits on the stairs in front of her house while combing Poppy's hair.
Bingo: Oh, Poppy, I really miss taking care of animals.
Bandit pushes the train onscreen, exhausted.
Bandit: (groans) Train stopping. (falls over)
Chilli: Doctor Glenda, it's an emergency!
Bluey: Please help Mr. Cottonsocks!
Bingo: Oh, deary me. Bring him here at once. (pretends to fix Mr. Cottonsocks) Fix, fix, fix. There, she's all better.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Hooray!
Bluey: Thanks, Doctor Glenda.
Bingo: That's okay.
Chilli: Glenda, why don't you start a home vet?
Bluey: Yeah! Where the train delivers customers to your house.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: And I'll make sure the animals follow all the train rules.
Bandit: No way. I am done with animals.
Chilli throws the polar bear at Bandit and makes the polar bear growl. Bandit and the girls screams.
End credits.
The end credits theme is the same as the episode's theme.