The episode opens on the front porch of Glasshouse Primary School. Bluey watches Mackenzie and Pretzel play Barky Boats. In the background, Jack and Rusty are playing army. Bandit arrives, followed by Bingo.
Bandit: "Hey, Blue Cheese!"
He kneels down. Bluey runs up and hugs him.
Bandit: "How was school?"
Bluey: "Good."
Bandit: "That's a shock."
He turns around, offering a piggyback ride. Bluey climbs up on his shoulders, and he stands, groaning.
Bandit: "Oh, man! My knees!"
They walk down the hill to the car park. Chloe and Snickers are waiting by the water feature, then chase the the barky boats as they go past. Winton blows raspberries as his dad arrives to pick him up. The Terriers' Mum chats with Snicker's mum in the background.
Bluey: "Are we heading straight home?"
Bandit: "Yeah, nah, we got to stop at the chemist."
Bluey & Bingo: "The chemist?"
Bandit buckles them in to their car seats.
Bingo: "Is the chemist the place that sells sausages?"
Bluey: "No. That's the bakery."
Bingo: "Really? I thought the bakery sells fruit and carrots."
Bluey: "Oh, yeah. That's right."
Bandit sits down in the driver's seat and buckles in.
Bingo: "What sort of sausages are we getting from the chemist, Dad?"
Bandit: "What?"
They drive through the suburbs.
Bandit: "Okay. So, what does the bakery sell?"
Bluey & Bingo: "Bread."
Bandit: "And what does the chemist sell?"
Bluey & Bingo: "Medicine."
Bandit: "That's right."
Bluey: "Why do we need medicine? Are we sick?"
Bingo: (eagerly) "Do we have bum worms?"
Bandit chuckles.
Bandit: "No. You don't have bum worms."
Bingo: "Aw, I want bum worm chocolate."
Bandit: "No-one's sick. I just want to get some vitamins for me."
Bluey: "Dad, you just told a lie."
Bandit: "Huh?"
Bingo: "What?"
Bluey: "When you said no-one's sick, that's not true. Coco's sick."
Bingo: "You're a liar."
Bandit: "Oh, poor Coco."
Bluey: "She had to go home at lunch. I hope she's OK."
Bingo: "Maybe she has bum worms."
Bandit: "I hope not. They're easy to catch."
Bluey: "Why do you want vitamins, Dad?"
Bandit: "Ah, well, I haven't got much energy at the moment. I feel like an old man. I thought some vitamins might help."
Bluey: "Is it because of us you feel like an old man?"
Bandit: "Yeah, a little bit."
Bluey: "Oh. Sorry."
Bandit: "It's all good. You also make me feel like a young man."
Bingo: "That doesn't make sense."
Bluey: "How do we make you feel like an old man and a young man?"
Bandit: "I dunno, but you find a way."
The car pulls into the chemist shop's car park.
Bandit: "Here we go."
Bluey: "Ah! Bingo!"
Bingo: "Oh!"
Bluey and Bingo quickly unbuckle their seatbelts and exit the car.
Bandit:: "What?"
With Bandit still in the car, they run through the sliding doors, barking excitedly. They stop in front of a pair of televisions, attached to the ceiling, which display footage from the store's security cameras. Both screens show Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey & Bingo: "TV shop!"
TITLE CARD - TV Shop
Bluey: "This episode of Bluey is called: TV Shop."
Bluey makes faces at the camera and giggles, while Bingo steps back and forth. Bandit enters the shop.
Bluey: "Dad, look! We're on TV!"
The television screen shows Bandit waving to the camera. Bluey and Bingo make faces.
Bandit: "Oh, good one."
Bandit walks out of view. Bluey and Bingo continue making faces.
Bandit: "I won't be long, kids. Stay where I can see you."
Bingo giggles. Bluey dances for the camera.
The feed on the right screen changes to another camera. It shows Bandit in another aisle, considering bottles of pills.
Bingo: "Look, it's Dad!"
Bluey giggles.
Bluey: "Dad's on TV!"
The screen shows Bandit scratching the back of his head, confused.
Bingo: "Hi, Dad!"
The feed changes, showing the pharmacy waiting area. Bella and Coco are waiting in folding chairs. Coco is looking at her phone, Bella is watching something on a tablet with headphones. 
Bluey: "Oh, look, it's Coco!"
They both wave at the camera.
Bluey & Bingo: "Hey, Coco! Hey! Over here! Look up!"
Coco doesn't notice. The feed changes again. The Terriers lie on the ground, bored out of their minds, as their Mum looks at lipstick.
Bluey: "Hey, where'd she go?"
Bingo: "Bluey, look, it's the Terriers."
They jump up and down, trying to get the Terriers' attention.
Bluey: "Hey, Terriers!"
Bingo: "Terriers!"
Bluey & Bingo: "Hey!"
The scene cuts to the make-up aisle. Bluey and Bingo silently wave from a television screen on the ceiling. The Terriers lie on the floor, oblivious. Their mum considers the lipstick display.
Silver Terrier: "Mum, please can we go home?"
Grey Terrier: "This place smells like grandma."
The Terrier's Mum draws a stripe of pink lipstick on her wrist.
Terrier's Mum: "Oh, that's a bit much."
She puts the lipstick back.
Terrier's Mum: "Oh! Scarlet Bombshell."
She picks up a red lipstick and draws another stripe on her wrist. The Terriers groan. The silver Terrier notices Bluey and Bingo.
Silver Terrier: "Ah! It's Bluey!"
The scene cuts back to Bluey and Bingo at the entrance. The terriers are visible on the right screen. They stand up and start jumping and waving their arms at the camera.
Bingo: "They've seen us."
Bluey: "Hurray!"
Bingo waves.
Bingo: "Hi!"
Bluey waves.
Bluey: "Hi, Terriers!"
The camera feed cuts from the Terriers to Winton and his dad in the hygiene products aisle. Cornelius is looking at a can of deodorant spray. Winton looks bored.
Bingo: "Oh, they're gone."
Bluey: "It's Winton!"
Bingo: "Oh, yeah!"
Winton perks up and runs toward the camera. He waves. In the background, his dad surreptitiously sprays deodorant under his arm.
Bluey and Bingo wave to the camera.
Bluey: "Hi!"
On the screen, Winton starts dancing enthusiastically.
Bluey: "He's dancing!"
Bingo gasps.
Bingo: "That will get Coco's attention!"
Bluey's tail starts to wag.
Bluey: "Oh, yeah!"
Bluey and Bingo squeal happily. They join in, doing the same dance as Winton.
The camera feed cuts back to the Terriers. They see Bluey and Bingo dancing, and join in.
The camera feed cuts again, this time to a composite of four camera feeds. Bluey and Bingo, Winton, and the Terriers are all dancing. The fourth feed shows Bandit, pondering in the vitamin aisle.
The left screen is shown; still displaying Bluey and Bingo. An employee walks behind them, and smiles at their antics.
The right screen is shown again. The Terriers are dancing. The charcoal Terrier falls over backwards, knocking over a display of toilet paper. One roll leaves the frame, unrolling as it goes. His mum turns around and begins to scold him.
The feed cuts back to Winton and his dad. Winton continues to dance, as his dad puts the deodorant in his basket. Behind them, the toilet paper rolls past.
The camera feed cuts back to Bell and Coco in the waiting area.
Bluey: "Coco's not looking up. We need to find her and see if she's OK."
Bluey and Bingo stop dancing and look around.
Bingo: "Where is she?"
Bluey: "I don't know. Somewhere in here."
Bingo: "I could go and look for her."
Bluey: "Yeah. And I can guide you on the TVs."
Bingo: "Yeah!"
Bluey: "Go and ask Dad if that's OK."
Bingo nods and runs off.
The camera feed cuts to the vitamin aisle. Bandit is talking to the employee who walked by earlier. Bingo runs up, ans asks Bandit something. Bandit nods and says something. Bingo turns to the camera and gives a double thumbs-up.
Bluey: "Yes! Okay. Go out that way."
Bluey points towards the screen. Bingo nods and runs out of the bottom of the frame.
The camera feed cuts to the end of an aisle. Bingo runs in, and looks around. She looks at the screen for directions.
Bluey: "Go down that way."
Bluey motions to screen left. Bingo runs to her left.
The camera feed cuts to the end of another aisle. Bingo stops, looks at the camera, and points to her left. Bluey gives her a double thumbs-up.
Bluey: "Yeah, that's it."
Bingo runs off to her left.
The camera feed cuts to the cash register. Bingo runs through the queue area. Bluey squeals joyfully.
Bluey: "Keep going! Find Coco!"
The camera cuts to an aisle endcap display of protein powder. Winton's dad examines a bottle of protein powder, as Winton dances for the camera. Bingo runs up. They link hands and jump up and down joyfully. Bingo explains what they're doing. 
Bluey: "Oh, yeah, good idea, Bingo!"
Winton turns to his dad and asks something; his dad nods.
Bluey: "Winton can help you find Coco!"
They both turn to the camera and give double thumbs-up. Bluey gestures to screen left. They turn to their right and run down another aisle.
The camera feed cuts to the end of a different aisle. Bingo and Winton run out the end of one aisle, turn left, and run back up the next aisle.
The camera feed cuts to yet another aisle. Bingo and Winton find the toilet paper tube at the end of the unrolled toilet paper. They look at the screen, quizzically. Bluey points at the screen.
Bluey: "Yeah, go down there!"
The follow the trail of toilet paper down the aisle. The camera cuts to another feed, showing Winton and Bingo following the toilet paper. It cuts again to the terriers. Chastened, they are standing still, looking bored.
Bingo and Winton run up to them. They all jump and wave their arms in joy.
Bluey: "Oh, Bingo, you found everyone except Coco!"
On the screen, Bingo explains to the Terriers. The charcoal terrier runs to talk to his mum.
Bluey: "Oh, yeah, the Terriers will be a great help!"
The Terriers' mum nods. Everyone's tail wags. The charcoal Terrier gives the camera a double thumbs-up. They huddle up to discuss strategy.
Bluey: "Hey, what's she doing?"
Bingo, Winton, and the Terrier split up, running out of view in different directions.
Bluey: "They're splitting up! Good idea, Bingo!"
She gives the camera a thumbs-up.
The camera feed cuts to the protein powder display. The charcoal and grey Terriers run past it in differnt directions.
The camera feed cuts to the end of an aisle. Bingo and Winton, not looking where they're going, bump into each other and fall down.
Bluey: "Whoop! Hee-hee! Be careful!"
The camera feed cuts to the makeup section. The silver Terrier runs through the corner of the frame. Cornelius walks in, and notices the Terriers' mum.
The camera feed cuts to a mosaic: in the first quadrant, Winton runs past the checkout. In the second, the charcoal Terrier runs through the aisle with the toilet paper roll. In the third, Bingo runs past the protein powder display. In the fourth, Cornelius uses some breath spray. Back in the first quadrant, the grey terrier runs through the checkout area. In the fourth quadrant, the feed changes to show Winton running past another aisle.
The feed changes to show Bandit, still contemplating the vitamins. Bingo runs past him in the background.
The feed changes to the makeup section. Cornelius and the Terriers' mum have struck up a conversation. She talks animatedly while he nods. The charcoal runs into the center of the frame, then turns to the camera and shrugs.
The feed changes to a mosaic: in the first quadrant, Winton gets up close to a camera and shrugs. In the second, the silver Terrier stands near the toilet paper roll and shrugs. In the third, the grey Terrier stands at the end of an aisle and shrugs. The fourth quadrant still shows the charcoal Terrier, shrugging in the makeup section.
Bluey: "What? No-one can find her?"
Bluey looks at the right screen, which shows Coco and her mum, still waiting by the pharmacy.
Bluey: "Where are you, Coco?"
The camera feed changes. Bingo runs up to a standee, showing a dog with glasses directing the viewer to the right. She points at it.
Bluey: "Yeah. Try in there, Bingo!"
Bluey nods and gives a double thumbs-up. Bingo turns and walks past the standee.
The camera feed changes to the pharmacy waiting area. Bingo walks in, but she's on the other side of a display shelf - she doesn't spot Coco.
Bluey gasps.
Bluey: "It's Coco! You found her!"
Bingo slowly walks past the display.
Bluey: "Aah! Bingo! She's right next to you!"
Bluey points at the camera. Bingo doesn't notice. She puts her hands on her hips, annoyed.
Bluey: "Turn around!"
The camera feed cuts to a mosaic. In the first quadrant, Winton waves his arms, then motions to screen right. In the second quadrant, the silver Terrier waves to get her attention and tries to talk. In the third quadrant, Bingo looks around the aisle, without noticing the screen. Bella is now at the pharmacy checkout. In the fourth quadrant, the charcoal terrier jumps around, trying to get Bingo's attention. Behind him, the Terrier's mum touches Cornelius' wrist.
Bluey: "Just go back that way."
Bluey waves both her arms to screen left.
Bluey: "That way!"
Bandit walks up to Bluey, with a bottle of vitamins and a receipt in hand.
Bandit: "Time to go, kid."
Bluey: "What? No, please, not yet! I have to see if Coco's okay!"
Bluey points at the screen.
The screen shows the pharmacy waiting area. Bingo walks out of frame.
Bluey:: "NO! Bingooo!"
Bluey falls to her knees. Bingo walks up to her from screen left.
Bingo: "Hi."
Bluey: "Wha—? "Wh-what are you doing here?"
Bingo: "Huh?"
Bluey: "Just walk exactly back that way."
Bluey ushers Bingo back out of frame to screen left. The screen shows Bingo walking back into the pharmacy waiting area. Bluey gasps. Bandit shakes the pill bottle at her.
Bandit: "Come on. We gotta go."
Bluey: "But I think Coco's here somewhere!"
Bandit: "Yeah, she's right there."
Bandit points to screen left. The viewpoint pulls back, showing Bingo, Coco, and Bella. The pharmacy waiting area is directly on the other side of a newspaper rack from where Bluey has been standing."
Bluey:: "Huh?"
She takes a step forward and looks around the side of the newspaper rack. She jumps straight up and squeals in surprise. She runs towards the pharmacy.
Bluey: "Coco!"
The monitor shows Bluey run into the pharmacy waiting area. Bingo follows her as she runs around the display rack that was blocking Bingo's view. They greet Coco, who takes off her headphones and jumps up. They link hands and dance in a circle.
The monitor cuts to a mosaic. The first quadrant shows Winton jumping up and down in celebration. The second, third, and fourth quadrants show the terriers doing different jumping dances.
The feed cuts back to the waiting area. Bluey, Bingo, and Coco stop dancing. Bluey points to the screen and says something to Coco.
The screen shows the mosaic view again. Winton and the Terriers wave, then begin to dance. In the fourth quadrant, Cornelius and the Terriers' mum are still talking.
The screen shows Bluey, Bingo, and Coco. Bluey and Coco wave, while Bingo pulls a funny face. They start dancing as well.
The camera feed cuts to the charcoal Terrier, dancing. It cuts to the silver Terrier, dancing. It cuts to the grey Terrier, dancing. It cuts to Winton, dancing in close-up.
Bandit stares at the screens, open-mouthed. He smiles, and sheepishly begins to bounce slightly, not quite brave enough to dance in public.
The scene cuts to the outside of the chemist. The sliding door opens, and Bingo, Bandit, and Bluey exit.
Bingo: "Did you get your vitamins, Dad?"
Bluey hops over the a concrete stop block.
Bandit: "Yeah mate, I did."
Bingo: "So you'll have more energy now?"
He opens the door for Bluey.
Bandit: "That's the plan."
Bluey climbs in. Bingo opens her own door and climbs in.
Bingo: "Do we need more energy?"
Bandit opens the driver's door and gets in.
Bandit: "Hah! No. You kids are fine."
The car starts.
Bandit: "Was Coco okay?"
The car starts to back up.
Bluey: "Ah, yeah, she's fine. I think she's got bum worms."
The brakes squeal as the car suddenly stops.
Bandit: "What?"
The energetic background music from the dance segments plays over the credits. Cornelius fades in, examining a bottle of protein powder. After a moment, he makes a muscle.
Bluey episode scripts
Bluey (TV series) Season 1 episode scripts
The Magic Xylophone | Hospital | Keepy Uppy | Daddy Robot | Shadowlands | The Weekend | BBQ | Fruitbat | Horsey Ride | Hotel | Bike | Bob Bilby | Spy Game | Takeaway | Butterflies | Yoga Ball | Calypso | The Doctor | The Claw | Markets | Blue Mountains | The Pool | Shops | Wagon Ride | Taxi | The Beach | Pirates | Grannies | The Creek | Fairies | Work | Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound | Trampoline | The Dump | Zoo | Backpackers | The Adventure | Copycat | The Sleepover | Early Baby | Mums and Dads | Hide and Seek | Camping | Mount Mumandad | Kids | Chickenrat | Neighbours | Teasing | Asparagus | Shaun | Daddy Putdown | Verandah Santa
Bluey (TV series) Season 2 episode scripts
Dance Mode | Hammerbarn | Featherwand | Squash | Hairdressers | Stumpfest | Favourite Thing | Daddy Dropoff | Bingo | Rug Island | Charades | Sticky Gecko | Dad Baby | Mum School | Trains | Army | Fancy Restaurant | Piggyback | The Show | Tickle Crabs | Escape | Bus | Queens | Flat Pack | Helicopter | Sleepytime | Grandad | Seesaw | Movies | Library | Barky Boats | Burger Shop | Circus | Swim School | Cafe | Postman | The Quiet Game | Mr. Monkeyjocks | Double Babysitter | Bad Mood | Octopus | Bin Night | Muffin Cone | Duck Cake | Handstand | Road Trip | Ice Cream | Dunny | Typewriter | Baby Race | Christmas Swim | Easter
Bluey (TV series) Season 3 episode scripts
Perfect | Bedroom | Obstacle Course | Promises | Omelette | Born Yesterday | Mini Bluey | Unicorse | Curry Quest | Magic | Chest | Sheep Dog | Housework | Pass the Parcel | Explorers | Phones | Pavlova | Rain | Pizza Girls | Driving | Tina | Whale Watching | Family Meeting | Faceytalk | Ragdoll | Fairytale | Musical Statues | Puppets | Stories | Turtleboy | Onesies | Tradies | Granny Mobile | Space | Smoochy Kiss | Dirt | The Decider | Cubby | Exercise | Relax | Stickbird | Show And Tell | Dragon | Wild Girls | TV Shop | Slide | Cricket
Bluey (TV series) Shorts transcripts
Silent Night (before Christmas) | Crazy Christmas Lights | Jingle Bells | The Lollipop Song | Tea Party with Bluey | Humpty Dumpty | Tongue Twisters | Pea Pod Sausages | Cinderella | Green Bottles | Old McDonald | Fun in the Car! | Let's play hide and seek! | Make Mum Laugh | Mower | Honk | Flying Saucer | Highball | K9 News | Scooter Fun! | One Man Went to Mow | Archaeology