 
The episode opens with a night view of the Heeler house, then cuts to the living room where Chilli finally puts Bluey to sleep in her bedroom
Chilli: OK, she's asleep.
Bandit: What do you wanna watch tonight, babe? 
Bluey wakes up
Bluey: Do you watch TV after we go to sleep ?
Chilli: (exhausted) Bluey! Not again, C'mon. Back to bed!
Bluey: I don't wanna go to bed.
Bandit: Too bad, kid.
Bluey: But why do we have to sleep? Why can't we just stay awake all night?
Bandit: 'Cause that’s the way the world is.
Bluey: Well, I'm going to make it so that's not how the world is.
Bandit: That might be tricky. People like to sleep.
Bluey: Well, I'll take everyone's bed to the dump!
Bandit: Eh…They'll probably just sleep on the couch.
Bluey: Well, I'll take the couches to the dump, too!
Bandit: Woah.. Sounds like a big job. You’ll need a full-night sleep for that.
Bluey: Yeah, I will. Night!
Bluey: Hey, wait, no!
Chilli: Come on. I'll read you a story.
Bandit: You know she can't help it.
From exhaustion, Chilli rubs her eyes
Chilli: I know... Can you help me?
Bandit: Oh, yeah, I've got an idea!
Chilli: Wait, is it a bad idea?
Bluey arrives at the couch
Bluey: Mum? Are you grumpy with me?
Chilli: No, honey, I'm OK. C'mon.
Chili starts reading the story
Chilli: "Once upon a time, there was a village."
Bluey interrupting: Are you sure you're not grumpy?
Chilli: No. I just want you to go to sleep.
Chilli: "And in the village-"
Interrupted again, Bandit puppeteering Unicorse arrives
Unicorse: Hey, hey! 
Bluey: Unicorse! 
Chilli: Oh, no.. Not Unicorse...
TITLE CARD: UNICORSE
Chilli: This episode of Bluey unfortunately is called, " Unicorse"!
END TITLE CARD
Unicorse: Budge up, Budge up! Watch the horn! What are we reading?
Chilli: Well, it's a story-
Unicorse interrupting Chilli: YAWN! Here, read this! It's got a unicorn in it.
Chilli: I'm not reading that.
Unicorse: Fine. I'll read it. "Onc up on a tim.." Ah, I wish I could read!
Bluey giggles
Chilli: Unicorse, Bluey is finding it a little hard to get to sleep, so we're actually trying to calm things down a bit.
Unicorse: Well, it's gonna be hard with me around!
Unicorse starts spinning around screaming while Bluey giggles again
Chilli: Shhh! Bingo's Asleep!
Unicorse: I don’t care! 
Chilli: Well I do, so how about you and your little mate, jog on?
Unicorse: I ain't goin' Nowhere, toots!
Bluey giggles again while Chilli starts to be angry
Chilli: My Name is Chilli!
Unicorse: Ahaahh, I'm sorry, Silly!
Chilli: Chilli!
Unicorse: Billy, Yeah, that's what I said!
Chilli: OUT!
Bluey: Oh, Mum, please, can Unicorse stay ?
Chilli: Bluey, he's the most annoying unicorn in the world.
Unicorse apprearing behind the couch: Guilty!
Bluey: But I can turn him into a nice unicorse. I promise I can. Right, Unicorse?
Unicorse: Nah!
Bluey: Don't listen to him. Please, can he stay?
Chilli: Fine... But we're reading this book, not yours.
Unicorse whispering in frustration:You will live to regret that! 
Chilli: (clears throat) "Once upon a time, there was a village. And in the village, everyone walked around barefoot."
Unicorse appeares in front of Chilli and Bluey
Unicorse: Hey, yay!
Bluey: Unicorse! I can't see the page!
Unicorse: AAAAAAND Why should I care?
Bluey giggles
Chilli: groans I forgot about the catchphrase...
Bluey: If you block the words, Mum can't read the story.
Unicorse: AAAAAAND Why should I care ?
Bluey: Because stories are nice!
Unicorse: My story was nice, it had a unicorn in it. This one has ZERO unicorns!
Unicorse: And the ending is boring, she just makes sho-
Chilli immediately stops him from spoiling the story
Chilli: Ah- Ah-. DON'T spoil the ending!
Unicorse with whining sound: Why not ?
Chilli: 'cause Bluey hasn't heard it !
Unicorse: AAAAAAND Why should I care ?
Bluey: Unicorse, I'm trying to make you a nice unicorse.
Unicorse: OK, OK, OK. Please, continue, Millie. I won't spoil the ending.
Chilli: A-
Unicorse interrupting again: Where she makes shoes.
Both Bluey and Chilli: UNICORSE!!
Unicorse starts spinning around laughing out loud
Chilli: "One day, the Queen decided to get off her litter and have a walk around."
Unicorse playing with the page while imitating the Queen: Changed my mind! Oh, wait, changed it again! Actually, I will! Nope, not today!
Unicorse : Up! Down! Up, down! Up, down! Up down, up, down-
Bluey: Unicorse! That is Bad behaviour!
Unicorse starts imitating Bluey with meh meh noises
Unicorse: Meh meh meh ! Meh meh Meh meh meh meh !
Bluey OH, so is that!
Unicorse: MEEP, Meep meep Meep !
Chilli: Shall we continue ?
Bluey: Yes...
Unicorse: sigh Meeep...
Chillie: "So the Queen walked a few steps, and stood on a prickle." "Ouch !"
Unicorse Laughing out VERY Loud
Bluey: Unicorse, that's mean! How would you feel if you stood on a prickle?
Unicorse: I'd feel good. I'd feel so good, I'd dance!
Unicorse starts dancing with "William Tell Overture" albeit in a disco remix playing in the background
Bluey: You wouldn't dance! You'd be crying like the Queen!
Unicorse: Well, maybe she should wear some shooes !
Chilli: Unicorse!
Chilli finally stops the music
Unicorse starts laughing again
Chilli: Anyway. "The Queen discovered that her whole kingdom was covered in prickles."
Chilli: “What was she to do?”
Unicorse appeares in front of Chilli and Bluey, Again
Unicorse: MAKE. SHOOOES!
Chillie: Bluey?
Bluey: Oh, I know! Unicorse, what's your favourite food?
Unicorse gets very close to Bluey's face
Unicorse whispering: Children....
Bluey: Oh...?
Unicorse: JUST kidding. I like chicken bucket.
Bluey: Oh, great! Look, here's some Chicken bucket.
Unicorse: Ah, thank you, mighty kind!
Bluey: OK, we're good to go!
Chilli: "So the Queen had an idea. She will cover the WHOLE kingdom in LEATHER."
Chilli: "That way, No one will ever stand on the prickles a-"
Unicorse starts making munching noise
Chilli: "-gain. so she got to work-"
Unicorse: (Munch)
Chilli: "-All day and night, the Queen worked, covering her Whole kingdom in leather."
'While reading the story, Unicorse continues munching until Chilli had her last bit of Patience
Chilli: Grrr! Can you PLEASE chew with your mouth shut?!
Unicorse: I can chew with my mouth shut. Of course I can!
Chilli: Thank you! " The Queen just-"
Unicorse: But I'm not gonna! starts munching again
Chilli annoyed: THAT'S IT, I'M OUT! 
Unicorse: Catch you on the flip side, Willie!
Unicorse starts the music again
Bluey: Wait, no! 
Chilli: I'm done, Bluey.
Bluey: I can handle this, Mum! 
Bluey: Unicorse !
Unicorse: OW! My back, my neck! My back and my neck!
Bluey: I just tapped you on the shoulder! 
Unicorse: Whiplash! Whiplash! Call my lawyer! Awwhh! 
Chilli: Look, Bluey. Good on you for trying, but you can't change Unicorse.
Bluey: I think you're right..
Chilli: I'm not sure you can't change anyone very much…
Meanwhile Unicorse screaming in pain in the background
Bluey: Well, What can we change? 
Chilli: Well, We can stop letting Unicorse annoy us.
Bluey: Really? How? 
Chilli: Maybe we ignore him?
Bluey: He is pretty hard to ignore…
Chilli: Let's give it a go!
Chilli: "The Queen just couldn't do any more. She was too tired."
Unicorse, badly hurt, arrives with his Lawyer
Chilli: Oh, here he comes. Remember, just ignore him.
Lawyer: (clears throat) Are you Willie Heeler?
Chilli annoyed again: I'M CHILLI HEELER !
Bluey: Mum?
Chilli: Oh, yes, sorry.. " But then the Jester said to the Queen: "
Jester: "Your Majesty, instead of covering the Whole kingdom in leather, Why not just cover your feet?"
Lawyer: Stop that reading, this is a Very serious matter! One of you Karate-chopped my client!
Bluey confused: Karate-Chopped?!
Chilli: Bluey?
Bluey: Oh, yeah, Sorry.
Chilli: "So the Queen cut two little bits of leather, and made them into shoes !"
Lawyer: Hey! I'm talking to you! 
Unicorse: Yeah, Listen to him! 
Chilli: "So the people could walk anywhere they wanted and the prickles couldn't hurt them."
Unicorse: STOP READING!
Lawyer: Unicorse, let me handle this.
Unicorse: Hey! Watch it, mate, or you'll have to get a little pokey! 
Lawyer: OK, as your Lawyer, I-
Unicorse: Here I COME !
Both Unicorse and Lawyer fight each other while Chilli ends the story ignoring them
Chilli: "And they all lived Happily ever after."
Chilli: Shall we leave them to it?
Bluey yawning: Yeah, I'm tired..
Unicorse: You're gonna get it now, mate!
ROLL CREDITS